Should Veterans Have Help Coming Back From War

Does anyone know the problems that veterans face coming back from war ?
This world is full of retired veterans that have many different problems .
It is sad that not a lot of people know the veterans ' problems .
Veterans have to adjust to civilian life and they do not know how getting a job works .
When veterans come back from war they most likely have PTSD .
Veterans should have mental health and doctor visits paid for by the government .
When veterans adjust to civilian life they will have bills for the first time in a while .
Veterans should have help with paying bills .
Veterans should get all bills paid for by the government .
Veterans went to war and fought for our freedom .

So many veterans have hard times getting jobs .
Vets most likely do not know how to set up resumes .
There are nearly 21 million veterans living in the United States .
Of those , more than 450,000 were unemployed and seeking a job ( Rubinstein ) .
What this means is there are way too many vets living in this world having trouble getting a job .
Veterans have been out of civilian life for so long so they need help getting back to the swing of things .
According to Kim Bernhart Many of the veterans interviewed talked about a lack of preparation for civilian life .
Veterans have not been in the real world in so long so getting a job can change from when they joined the military .
Veterans should get help getting a job because they were in the war for so long and do not remember much from the civilian life .

Veterans see things in war that they do not want to see and it will keep recurring in their mind .
Veteran mental health services are essential in order to help our returning vets recover from their combat experiences and mental health issues related to their military service .
There are a number of troubling statistics which show that enough is not being done and that many of our veterans are not receiving the care that they deserve in this area ( National Veterans Foundation ) .
This means there are places out there but they do not provide enough care for our vets .
If you served in the active military , naval or air service and are separated under any condition other than dishonorable , you may qualify for VA health care benefits ( US Department of Veterans Affairs ) .
In which this means that you served for the time you were supposed to then you qualify for VA doctors .
Veterans should get free health care since they have been out of civilian life for a long time .

Veterans fought for our country and risked their lives , the very least the government could do is help them pay bills to help them get back on their feet .
Service members are more likely to have financial troubles .
They are almost twice as likely to carry some credit card debt from month - to - month ( 58 % ) than civilians ( 34 % ) , according to a recent survey carried out by the National Foundation for Credit Counseling and Pioneer Services ( Fottrell ) .
What this means is that veterans are not able to pay off debt while in the service .
When service members return from active duty , they 're more likely to face severe financial challenges than civilians ( Fottrell ) .
Veterans have bills build up while in the service and are restricted what to send out .
Veterans risk their lives and can not see their family for a long time , they risk everything to fight for our freedom .

Veterans risked everything they had to go fight for our freedom .
Coming out of war can be stressful for a vet .
People that come out of the war have to try and get back into civilian life .
The hardest part of adjusting back to the real world is having mental problems like PTSD or Post Traumatic Stress Disorder .
Doctor visits nowadays are expensive and veterans do not have a whole lot of money coming out of a war .
We all care about our veterans , they fight the wars that we do not have to they risk not seeing their family ever again .
The very least that we can do is help donate to a military organization .
Some people may say that helping veterans is wrong because they say they killed people and that would mean they are murderers .
We say they are not murderers because they fought for our freedom , the people that they killed were trying to kill us and because of conflict between governments .
Veterans are good people trying to do goods .
Do you think we should get the government to pay for most of the veterans financial problems ?

