Is homework helpful or harmful

Imagine , your doing homework at school and you are struggling severely .
The person next to you is already done and you ask for help they say they are busy with something else .
Your too embarrassed to go up and ask the teacher .
You go home and your mom and dad are at work your up all night doing that one math worksheet .
When you finally get done you realize everybody is home and it 's 3 am .
Many kids and teens suffer from tiredness during school because the stay up doing homework .
This could result in forgetfulness , depression , and bad grades .
Therefore i think homework is more harmful than helpful .

Many students have bad sleeping schedules because of how much homework they have .
According to Craig Canapari MD When kids get home from school the last thing they want to do is start workinrk , bg on homework .
They want to get outside , play with friends , or have a snack and relax .
This can cause the students to stay up until one or two in the morning doing their homework , bad grades at school because they are tired , making kids unhappy or rude .

Teens and even kids can be stressed out because of homework .
Mayo Clinic says , Stress that 's left unchecked can contribute to many health problems , such as high blood pressure , heart disease , obesity , and diabetes .
That does n't sound good to me .
Those are just some of the symptoms of stress .
You can be up all night worrying about homework too .
That can result in drowsiness , unkind behavior , and bad grades .

Some teachers say they barely give out homework at all .
Also teachers say This is going to be the easiest thing i give out all year then that night you are struggling to get it done .
But according to The Atlantic , 45 percent of students in grades 3 - 12 spend more than an hour a night doing homework .
There for teachers give out more than they think they do .

If your scared to go up to the teacher and ask for help because you are drowning in homework , just through your homework off a cliff .
Actually do n't do that just simply ask your teacher if they think they are giving out too much homework .
What would you do if they said yes ?