The Great Lakes Must Be Protected Using New Regulations ( Environmentalism )

Imagine a body of water that contains 5.86 quadrillion gallons of water .
5.86 quadrillion is a number that contains thirteen zeros .
Not only is this immense body of water freshwater , it is facing constants threats at all angles .
A thirsty world pushing for diversions , invasive species lurking under the glistening water , and toxic algae blooms dominating the waves .
This body of water is called The Great Lakes , and it is under fire .
To protect this vital water , America must enforce new and revised rules to protect The Great Lakes .

Invasive species are a multiplying , almost never ending threat to the great lakes .
In The Great Lakes waterway there is Lake St. Clair , a 24 mile wide lake in the river system between lake erie and lake huron .
The water levels in this lake are as shallow as a swimming pool in a town 's local civic center .
However , this does not include a 27 foot drop running down the middle .
This drop is for freighters to flow through without needing to lighten their load due to sediments or low water levels forcing their ships to lighten their loads .
Before , freighters found their answer to their ships being too heavy by dumping water out of ballast tanks .
Of course , that water flowing out of the ballast tanks contained species looking for a new home , and they found one .
Now , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , more than 180 invasive species have plagued the freshwater sea , damaging fragile ecosystems that will never flourish again .
Among those vexing species is the zebra mussel .
The zebra mussels ( Dreissena polymorpha ) are native to the Caspian Sea and entered the Great Lakes vía one of the ballast tanks on one of the many ships that have passed through the Lakes ( caryinstitute .
org ) .
Cary Institute continues to state that the disturbance in ecosystems caused by zebra mussels are as significant as other aquatic ecosystems impaired by acid rain or toxins .
To protect the Great Lakes , America must enforce more rules regulating invasive species .

Not only are invasive species brutally attacking the Great Lakes , chemical waste deposited into the lakes damage not only the ecosystem , but humans as well .
In Lake Erie Cyanobacteria , known blue - green algae , has infiltrated the lake and created a nasty , deadly , floating pile of green muck .
According to The Death and Life of The Great Lakes , this cesspool Lake Erie has become is due to phosphorus .
Phosphorus is used in soap and fertilizer , among others .
As the use for phosphorus grew in the industry , so did the amount that ended up in Lake Erie .
Eventually , this phosphorus that coated Lake Erie fed the growth of Cyanobacteria , a bacteria so toxic that swimming in it could induce vomiting , diarrhea , and blistering around the mouth .
Not to mention drinking a glass of it could kill you ( Bridgeman ) .
If America is facing large algae blooms that are toxic to the human population , then the United States needs a wake up call .
The Great Lakes Alliance states , Unfortunately , very few rules are in place to limit runoff pollution from big farms .
It is time for mandatory regulations to reduce the amount of runoff pollution allowed to flow into Lake Erie .
If America does not enforce the rules necessary for the health of the Great Lakes , what will happen to one of the most valuable resources on Earth ?
Because of the lack of laws and regulations in place for harmful algae blooms in Lake Erie , America must develop more rules to protect the Great Lakes .

Also , an outdated agreement between eight states named The Great Lakes Compact must be revised .
The compact covers many topics , including diversions of Great Lakes water outside of the Great Lakes Basin .
According to Wisconsin Text , The Great Lakes Compact prohibits new or increased diversions outside the Great Lakes Basin with limited exceptions for communities and counties that straddle the basin boundary and meet rigorous standards .
Clearly , the compact has rigorous standards for diversions .
However , the compact has no limit for the amount of time that water may be diverted for .
For example , the Aral Sea .
The Aral Sea , Columbia .
org states , is what used to be the world 's fourth largest saline lake is now almost a desert wasteland , destroying about six million hectares of agricultural land as the government in Central Asia deliberately depleted the sea 's water supply .
This devastating result of poor regulation of a body of water vital to its people is what could happen to the Great Lakes if America does not revise The Great Lakes Compact .
Therefore , The Great Lakes Compact must be revised in order to protect the Great Lakes .

From all evidence shown , it is imperative that America enforces revised and new rules in order protect the Great Lakes .
Although some may state that more rules focusing on the Great Lakes aquatic environment could damage the economy due to increased regulations on production and transportation of products , there is no sensible reason to state that the economy is more important than one of the most valuable resources in the world .
Clearly , America must adapt more rules and regulations to protect the Great Lakes due to threatening diversions , algae blooms , and invasive species .

