Should I Go to Therapy

As a teen who has had trauma in my life , a learning disability , and just sometimes needs to talk to someone , I think therapy would be helpful .
I believe that with therapy I could grow as a person and learn more about myself .
Most teens who need therapy do not realize it , or do not want it .
I think that being a teen who is asking to go is more of a reason I should get it .
I believe that I will be able to listen and use the ideas a therapist can come up with to help me with my problems .
I think I am unable to fix my problems myself and that I need the help I deserve .
I know that I am strong enough to talk about my problems no matter how hard it is .
My trauma has caused me to be paranoid and to assume the worst of everything .
Therapy could help me move on from the bad times and look forward to the good times .
My learning disability holds me back in school and socially .
Therapy could teach me coping mechanisms to push through these issues .
When I have drama with my friends , or I am just having a hard time I do n't know how to handle it .
A therapist could tell me ways to deal with these situations and situations like this that come about throughout my life .
An examination of how my ADHD affects me , I need help , and my extraordinary circumstances you can see why I should go to therapy .

Sometimes friends can help with my issues , but a professional could help me for my specific needs from their years of training .
When I have experienced trauma in my life , when talking to my friends they say , I know how you feel , I understand , it will all be okay , it was n't that bad , just try not to think about it / focus on something else , etc .
Also , when I am talking about my struggles with my ADHD my friends say , You get extra time so it does not matter , you do n't try hard enough , so many other people have it and they manage , you ca n't use it as an excuse , etc .
These examples of what I have heard do not help me get through my situation , they make it worse .
Colleen C. Cullian , a well respected pediatric behavioral psychologist says , therapists can help people with ADHD , anxiety , trauma .
They can also help people with school problems and people going through hard times .
( Cullinan )
A professional therapist would not judge me or make me feel bad .
They would validate my feelings and help me find ways to cope with what I am going through .

As a result of my trauma and ADHD , I need help when I sometimes can not do it .
An example of this is because of the fire that happened in my house , every time an alarm of any sort goes off my heart drops and I freeze going back to that moment .
I shutdown and if there is a real fire than I could be in danger if I can not move because of my scarring memory .
Another example is when people make jokes about seizures or brain tumors I get upset and come to be on the verge of crying because it brings me back to that terrifying moment .
I need help on how to get past my trauma and that is something I can not do by myself because I do not know how .
I need help to get past this .
With my ADHD I am already under a lot of pressure and the pressure of figuring out how to deal with my problems creates a bigger problem .
When I try to do this myself my emotions go crazy and I am like a ticking time bomb with my emotions ready to burst out all over the place .
Also , the stress of trying to get through my problems makes me lose all control and go into a deep panic .
I get anxious , I shutdown , and I scream and get angry at people I do not mean to because I have no control .
I need help and I am asking for it .
Anita Chandra , vice president and director of RAND social and economic well - being , and Cynthia Minkovitz , professor at Johns Hopkins department of pediatrics , say that 70 % of teens with mental health issues do not receive the care they need .
( Chandra , A , and C Minkovitz )
APF award winner Eric Dubow explains that teens often do not utilize support systems in general , or professional help specifically .
( Dubow , Eric F. , et al , )
From these two sources we can conclude that part of the 70 % of teens not receiving needed treatment is due to the fact that they do not want it .
I do not want to be in this 70 % .
I want the treatment that I deserve .
I deserve it even more for the fact that a lot of teens do not .

Above all , I want therapy because I have extraordinary circumstances .
First of all , I have ADHD , which makes my life harder already .
Second of all , I have had a lot of traumas in my life from my uncle dying , to a fire in my house , and my dad having a seizure and brain tumor .
These traumas mixed with my ADHD are an emotional explosion waiting to happen .
Just because I take medicine to help with ADHD , that does not mean it goes away .
I still have a lot of the hidden symptoms .
Most of the hidden symptoms that are not affected by the medicine are what make the trauma worse .
For example , one of the hidden symptoms is anxiety .
My medication has a side effect of anxiety making mine worse .
When I am in a situation that reminds me of my trauma , my anxiety is superfluous , making my brain shutdown .
David Rettew , a psychiatrist and associate professor at the University of Vermont College of Medicine explains , Medicine can not help someone if the environment they are in is chaotic and overwhelms them .
( Rettew , David )
After what I have gone through in my life and all I have had to deal with after that I deserve to go to therapy .

Not wanting to send me to therapy is understandable .
For example , you might think that a reason that I should not go to therapy is because it is too expensive .
That problem can be solved because insurance covers therapy .
Another example is that you might not think I need therapy because I have supportive parents .
I might have supportive parents , but I do not want my parents knowing all my deepest darkest secrets .
Also , sometimes talking to a stranger about your problems is easier than talking to someone close to you .
You also might think that I could talk to my friends about my issues .
The problem with that is a lot of the time my problems are with my friends .
Lastly , you might think that going to therapy will get in the way of my schoolwork .
One of the points of me going to therapy is to teach me time management skills and ways to help me in school .
In the beginning I might struggle , but as I go on I will do better than I am now .

If my parents think I can learn to control myself and control my ADHD , think I can find other ways to cope , and think that I do not always need to get what I want then I should not go to therapy .
Yet , if my parents do not want me to struggle anymore , do not want me to cry myself to sleep practically every night , do not want me to shut down in a life - threatening situation , or do not want me to doubt myself then I should go to therapy .
It is my right to be allowed to get therapy .
I deserve as much of a chance as anyone else to get the help I need .
I deserve as much as a chance as anyone else to get as close to being normal as I can get .
Everyone in the world has this right and if they want it they should get it .
Everyone has struggles and some people need more help than others .
I am writing this as a human , as a teen , as a member of the mental health community to fight for my right to get the help I want , I need , and that I deserve .