School Uniforms Required or Not ?

Schools should not require students to wear uniforms because it may stop bullying in the school but causes outside bullying and violence / harassment , decreases self - esteem and individuality and causes free education to be expensive .

Unfortunately , many school - age girls that are required to wear a uniform find themselves targets of sexual harassment .
For example , the article , Girls in Britain states their school uniforms make them targets of harassment .
Shockingly , one - third of young women in England say that they have been sexually harassed while in their school uniforms .
One in seven said they have been followed home while they were in their required attire .
Children as young as eight - years - old reported to being victims of , or witnesses to , harassment .
Two - thirds of the children questioned in the survey said they have experienced unwanted sexual attention in public .
This means that if schools are going to be using school uniforms they need to be making sure that the students are safe and are not getting bullied or harassed .
Students , mostly girls , are being harassed for things they have no control over .

Sadly , young women are being targeted for sexual harassment and some people are saying things about it .
For example , the articles Girls in Britain say their school uniforms make them targets of harassment & More than a third of girls in school uniform sexually harassed in public , survey reveals . states these things .
It 's simply not acceptable that girls as young as 12 are being wolf - whistled at in public , touched against their will , stared at , or even followed .
Tanya Barron , the Director of Plan International UK , an organization that tries to advance children 's right and their equality says , This disgraceful behavior needs to be called out and stopped .
35 % said they have been touched , groped or grabbed without their consent .
8 % of respondents said they have been filmed or photographed by a stranger .

In the article , More than a third of girls in school uniform sexually harassed in public , survey reveals . it states these things .
More than ⅓ of girls in school uniforms have been sexually harassed in public .
37 % of the girls questioned said they had been sexually harassed while traveling to or from school .
1 in 5 British women experienced sexual harassment at school .
It is shocking and deeply concerning that girls , many of whom are clearly of school age because they are in uniform , are being targeted and sexually harassed by perpetrators in the street Tanya Barron , Director of Plan International UK , an organization that tries to advance children 's right and their equality .

School uniforms are decreasing self - esteem and individuality among students .
Boys and girls have an unfair amount of options girls often get to choose between skirts or dresses or at some places shorts where boys are always just polos and shorts / pants .
Simone Cariss , a mother , said that compelling girls to wear skirts in discrimination against girls .
Discrimination is being treated less favorably than a person of the opposite sex would be in similar circumstances .
Indirect discrimination is when a rule or policy has an unfair effect on people of a particular sex .
By not allowing kids to show their individuality through the way they dress , they may feel oppressed and discouraged to develop their own personality .

Julington Creek Elementary School , FL sent home a student after having banned clothing on and extreme hairstyles .
( it was the school picture day so the student just wanted to show off a new outfit .
While his hair was said to be a distraction to learning . )
School uniforms take away the first amendment rights for taking away the students right to express themselves .

School uniforms cause free education to be expensive and not truly free .
Unless the school or government will sponsor the cost of the uniforms , it will be the students ' families who need to shoulder the expense .
This contradicts the idea of free education since public schools are supposed to provide education at non cost to parents .
Cherokee uniforms range in price from $ 7.99 - $ 29.99 .
The average annual cost to parents for school uniforms is $ 249 .

Kmart & Target were under fire for selling $ 2 school uniforms while factory workers are paid wages that can not cover basic living expenses .
There was a price was that came three years after the deaths of 1127 workers during the Rana Plaza garment factory collapse in Bangladesh .

One of every 5 public schools in the nation requires them while there are more ways that the nations 1.3 million homeless kids get smacked down for their circumstances .
Most families can only afford one school uniform .
Children are being punished for something they have no control over what clothes their parents are able to buy for them before the start of the school year , Our kids face teasing at school for having the wrong clothing , the wrong size and dirty clothes their parents can not reasonably keep clean .
Jamila Larson , Executive director and co - founder of the Homeless Children 's Playtime Project .
One DC public school requires embroidered uniforms and ties that can run $ 500 a year .

Benefits of school uniforms , however , are unclear .
David Brunsma ten years of research have shown that there really is no difference between students who are forced to wear uniforms and those who are not .

Uniform policies do n't curb violence or behavioral problems in schools .
They do n't cultivate student self - esteem and motivation .
They do n't balance the social - status differences that often separate students .
And they do n't improve academic achievement .
David L. Brunsma , a researcher at the University of Missouri - Columbia .

Cherokee makes school uniforms with a variety of high - quality uniforms with splashes of color .
But most schools have a strict color and attire policy for their uniforms .

Create uniformity among the school .
Better sense of unity because everyone will wear the same clothes and have a single identity .
Also there will be less competition among children about who has more expensive outfits or who looks better / more fashionable .

According to Psychology Today , after five years of mandatory uniforms at Long Beach overall crime in the district dropped 91 % , suspensions declined 90 % , sex offenses dropped by 96 % , and vandalism was down 69 % .

In 1994 , Long Beach unified school district , CA a 2-year evaluation of effort saw 28 % drop in elementary school suspensions , 36 % decline in middle school suspensions , 51 % decreases in fights in grades k-8 and 34 % drop in assault and battery in elementary and middle schools

Brings money into the schools .
A House panel approved a bill that would pay a district an extra $ 10 per student if it adopted school uniforms .
Mandatory student uniforms could bring $ 2.5 million for Miami - Dade schools .

In conclusion , schools should not require students to wear uniforms because it may stop bullying in the school but causes outside bullying and violence / harassment , decreases self - esteem and individuality and causes free education to be expensive .