What is the Chain Gang ?

What is a chain gang ?
The chain gang was a form of punishment for people who broke the law .
Chain gangs started a few years after the civil war ended and African Americans were free .
It is believed that chain gangs were used as slaves even though slavery was illegal .
The majority of the chain gang were often African Americans .
Chain gangs were a type of punishment that started in the mid to late 1800 's .

The chain gang is a punishment for bad deeds , not slavery , nor torture .
One astonishing

fact is it was mainly made up of African American people .
It was mainly made up of the African American population because slavery was illegal after the civil war ( HeinOnline . )
What this means is that since slavery was illegal , people in charge made sure African Americans were not free to do everything they wanted to .
Another fact is it was one of two forms of labor .
The chain gang was also one of two forms of forced labor ( I Am a Fugitive from a Georgia Chain Gang ! . )
It is unknown what the other form of labor is , but only half the people arrested were sent to the chain gang , according to arrest documents .
The people in charge of the city would also blame African Americans for things they did not do and would send them to the chain gang to work on railroads and other forms of labor .

The chain gangs were in many states in the south and few in the north .
It took place in many places and were it was the most abundant it might surprise you .
The chain gang started in Georgia ( Signs . )
This means that out of all fifty states , Georgia 's government decided to start the horrid punishment .
The chain gang was a horrible thing and what they did for the prisoners was surprising .
The citizens pushed for better transportation for the chain gangs so they were not tired when they got there ( Slaves of the State . )
This means that even though they were prisoners the people felt they should be treated humanely before their punishment beggins .

The chain gang had prisoners chained together and made them work on the railroads .
Leading up to the beginning of the chain gang was the Civil War which took place in 1861 through 1865 .
The chain gang took place a couple years after the civil war and was started by the Georgian government ( Webster , Merriam . )
This means that after freedom had been given to the African Americans , it got taken away just as quickly .
It is debated what chain gangs were used for like punishment , slavery , or just plain old torture .
The chain gang was used to terrorize the people of Georgia so they would not do anything illegal ( HeinOnline . )
This means that instead of having to deal with law breaking citizens they would rather have people be free and scared of the law , and if they get caught .
The chain gang was a horrible thing that should never be brought back to the United States .

