Do Boys or Girls Face More Social Pressure and Stress

Have you ever wondered if you face more pressure than your friends of a different genders ?
Well according to Abraham Maslow 's 8 stages of content , it is n't gender at all , it 's the process of growing into adolescence .
growing up can cause different types and amounts of stress .
It is n't gender that causes stress , it 's everything but that .

When hanging out with friends , kids of both male and female both have the possibility of being forced to do something .
Whether it 's bad or not , they 'll not want to look dumb in front of their friends .
Depending on the situation , they 'll do it .
Not all people are like this , and some have self confidence , but being pressured into doing something you do n't want to can cause stress .
Both girls and boys go through these things , and yet both girls and boys argue that they face more pressure .

When growing up , kids get more and more responsibilities piled on them , causing stress to come to them as well .
Finishing assignments , getting good grades , and on top of that , they might want to join extra curricular activities like basketball , theatre , and many more .
All these different things going on in one person 's life , boy or girl , can cause a lot of stress .
And with extra curriculars , they might not even get a break on the weekend to just rest for the following week .

Girls may have periods every month , and boys may be more aggressive in a couple of ways , but for the majority , girls and boys go through fairly similar experiences when it comes to stress .
Girls and boys share many experiences together , whether they would like to acknowledge it or not .
Girls and boys both put up with the same types and consistencies of anxiety for the majority .
Girls and boys both share the same stress .

In a survey taken recently , the results show that out of eleven people , five people think guys take more stress than girls , while five other people disagree .
Only one person thought that unless there was a special circumstance , that girls and boys face similar pressure .
A majority of the people that voted girls face more pressure also said that they feel that they have to worry about their looks making them conscience which is true for a lot of girls , but guys go through the same thing .
They make it seem as though meeting standards is easy for guys , they 're just as conscience as anyone else .
The majority of people who chose guys ' reason was because of relationships .
They say they feel expected to make the first move .
This is true , guys are expected more in this department .
People should remember that you do n't have to be a guy to make the first move .

Gender is n't the cause of stress , it 's anything but that .
From being peer pressured into doing things they do n't want to , keeping up with all their responsibilities , and more .
Growing up is hard , whether your a girl , boy , or anything else .
There are exceptions , but those people 's problems do n't usually have anything to do with gender .