As education has always been one of the most important parts of human development , there also have been different challenges to overcome .
Financial supports , human resources and convenience of access for many different groups of people , according to time and distance , are the ones that are easily felt to be needed .

It is almost clear that the philosophy of education is not just about learning certain topics but also about having different experiences and coping with social circumstances .
nowadays human life is far more complicated , performance , defined as amount of effective work in a certain amount of time is playing a great role in almost all activities and education is clearly one of them .

Online education may can not provide students with some aspects of traditional classrooms and the experience of physical presence , but it is giving them the ability to access what they need with more ease and provide them with more freedom of time as at least the commuting part is eliminated and now they might have a better feeling because education is not changing many aspects of their lives .
What students think of education is absolutely important and if education can get easier by using online education , it can help them with what they feel about education ( it can be either school or university ) .
Some essential parts of education might need to remain traditional but many parts can just transform from some boring classes to more interactive classes with also more fresh students .
The standard for full-time employment was typically 40 hours a week in the past and is now reduced to almost 35 hours and it can be considered the same for students and online education as can be more effective might be a good solution for applying the same changes for education system .

Considering population growth building new physical educational infrastructures is essential and a lot of financial resources are also required .
Online education is a solution to make education demanding less physical requirements .
Since involvement of online education can make education infrastructures require less governmental financial support it will have the ability to be provided less expensive for those who are also financially in demand .

Online education is using technologies to spread information and it has benefits .
Each online classroom can create content and media that can be easily and effectively accessed .
Digital content is easier to store and access as you can have all you need one laptop or tablet and using such assets students can also have more joyful experiences .

Education has different standards in different places , if you want the highest quality you might need to travel thousands of kilometers to get access to that standards .
Unlike traditional education online education has no geographic limits and almost everyone from every spot can access all kind of educational content and it can be considered the most important feature of online education .

For sure , traditional education can not once be replaced with online education but we can start with only applying some basic developments to benefit from mentioned advantages .
We still can not replace face to face experiences with online interactions , but we can at least make education more effective in many aspects .