It has been argued that violent video games are a cause for violent acts in reality .
This may be true , however , violent acts in reality are not regularly caused by violent video games .
Although it is possible for video games to be the cause for violent acts it is a low probability .
Violent video games do not cause violent actions in reality because video games can not teach a person how to act violent , most violent people do not get their motivation from violent video games , and video games do not promote violence .

To begin with violent video games can not teach someone how to act violent or use violent weapons in reality .
Video games are not the same as reality , therefore any violent actions in reality will not be the same as in video games , and can not be taught through violent video games .
Violent actions in reality have decreased since violent video games have become more popular because violent video games are outlets for people with aggressive behavior .
Video games for some people are a way to express and help with overwhelming emotions instead of acting out in reality .

Moreover , it is less likely for violent people who act out to get motivation from violent video games .
People who act violent are more likely to have a reason such as hating someone , going through a hard time with family or friends , etc .
Although it is possible for violent people to get motivation from video games there is a low probability .
It is also possible for people who act out to have one or multiple mental disorders or ethnic hatred because of their life or a traumatic experience they have had as a child .
In other words , it is far more likely for violent actions to happen because of lack of empathy and other socially desirable behaviors .

Furthermore , video games do not promote violence .
Movies , art , and more have shown violence .
People have always been exposed to violent behavior before technology existed .
Technology does not cause people to become violent .
Violent behavior has always been a part of life .
Technology , movies , art , and more have been outlets for people with aggressive and violent behaviors , and as shown in multiple studies these outlets for people have decreased violent actions throughout the world .
The more these outlets increase the more violent actions decrease .
To summarize violent video games do not promote violence .
Although video games do expose people to violence people are constantly exposed to violence in other ways , and video games are not the first source that exposes people to violence .

However , others assert that studies show violent people to have played video games , and that this link 's video games and violent actions .
Although it is possible for violent video games and actions to be linked the possibility is highly unlikely .
People who commit crime are not the only people who commit crime , video games do not promote nor cause violent actions , and the people who commit crime are more likely to not be motivated by violence in video games .

In conclusion , violent video games are not the cause of violent actions in reality .
Violent video games do not cause people to become violent and commit crimes .
People who become violent and commit crimes are not always people who play video games , and there is a low possibility for video games to be the source of violent actions .
Violent video games are blamed for being the reason people commit crimes because video games expose violence .
Although that is not the case , and there are more ways violence is exposed .
People can not be taught how to become violent through video games because video games are not the same as reality .
People are more likely to use violent video games as an outlet than to use it as motivation according to multiple studies because those people do not want to commit crimes they need an outlet for their stress and aggression .

