Why Athletes Should be Paid

College athletes need to be paid .
These athletes are bringing in loads of money and attention to their college programs and they do n't even get a cent of it .
They are constantly bringing in millions to their college programs and they do n't get paid at all .
I firmly believe that college athletes should be compensated for the hard work , dedication , and sacrifice they put towards their programs .

College athletes put their bodies on the line each game they play .
Every time they step out on the court / field they could potentially suffer an injury that could affect the rest of their lives .
On February 20th 2019 Duke was playing UNC in a high anticipated rival game .
With only a couple minutes into the game Zion Williamson suffered a sprained knee .
Zion was expected to go No .
1 overall in the 2019 NBA draft ( Parrish , Gary ) .
Luckily his knee healed and could play in the upcoming March Madness tournament .
There have been instances of players becoming paralyzed by hits or tackles on football fields .
Other injuries have ended player 's careers before they even get started .
These athletes are sacrificing their bodies and physical health at a chance to play a game they love .
That incredible sacrifice is definitely worthy of at least some compensation .

Paying college athletes would help to begin creating a sense of financial awareness .
Another benefit of paying college athletes could help cutback the number of professional athletes who have had to navigate very public financial struggles after retirement .
The ESPN documentary Broke gave an inside view of the financial woes of many professional athletes , noting that around 60 % of NBA players are broke within five years of retirement ( Patterson , Tiffany , and Tiffany Patterson ) .
These players have said that the reason they were having financial struggles was because of poor investments , trusting unethical financial advisors and lavish spending habits .
If schools were to begin paying players , they could also help these students build a foundation of financial literacy .
This would allow them to become a lot more wiser with their money in the future .

Student athletes are generating insane amounts of money for their schools .
The NCAA currently produces nearly $ 11 Billion in annual revenue from college sports , more than the estimated total league revenues of both the National Basketball Association and the National Hockey League ( Edelman , Marc ) .
The lion 's share of that money is from a gargantuan TV contract with CBS and Turner , the company that owns TNT and TBS .
These two companies are paying a combined $ 800 million a year to broadcast March Madness , and the players that make the tournament do n't even get to see a cent of it ( Patterson , Tiffany , and Tiffany Patterson ) .
This just goes to show that college athletes deserve some revenue for the attention and money they bring to their schools as well as the NCAA .

I strongly believe that college athletes deserve to be paid for their commitment and dedication put towards their programs .
As well as all the attention they bring to their schools .
Although what I have said is true some people may say that college is a place for people to obtain a degree and help jump start their career aspirations .
Whether people want to capitalize on that opportunity or not is on them .
However it is not a place for athletes to get paid to play sports , that 's why the professional level exists ( McCauley , Kieran , and Kieran McCauley ) .
These athletes are receiving free tuition , free books , free dorms , as well as other basic needs .
Colleges often report a combined tuition and fees figure .
According to the College Board , the average cost of tuition and fees for the 2017 - 2018 school year was $ 34,740 at private colleges , $ 9,970 for state residents at public colleges , and $ 25,620 for out - of - state residents attending public universities ( What 's the Price Tag for a College Education ? )
.
With that being said student - athletes are already at a much greater advantage .
Although this may be true , the amount of money that those same athletes are bringing definitely outweighs the full ride scholarship that is being given to them .
With the amount of money that is being made off these athletes it 's seems totally unfair that these athletes are n't getting a cent of it .
With that being said I firmly believe student athletes deserve to be paid .