People must be able to protest

People protesting their opinions , speaking what 's on their minds , people in America must be able to speak aloud and protest freely .
Just imagine looking out the window , seeing people speaking their minds , whenever they choose .
Protesting in America brings the country chaos , whenever someone starts a protest it spreads throughout the states and it gets out of control .
People must be aloud to speak what s on their mind at anytime and any place .
Anyone must be able to protest freely , it is an American right .
People must be able to speak freely .

Anyone should be able to protest because of freedom of speech , an american right .
Because you were born in america , you were born with rights and they can not be taken away .
The right to join with fellow citizens in protest or peaceful assembly is critical to a functioning democracy and at the core of the First Amendment ( Students ' Rights : Speech , Walkouts , and Other Protests ) .
What this means is anyone should be able to protest with anyone whenever they want .
As american citizens anyone should be able to speak whenever and wherever they want .
According to ( Can a Protest Make You Change Your Vote ) These Principles , therefore , elaborate a set of minimum standards for the respect , protection and fulfilment of the right to protest , while promoting a clear recognition of the limited scope of restrictions .
Although this means while protesting , people deserve to be protected and not threatened .
American citizens have a right to express our opinion and expose the flaws in our government .
Anyone should be able to protest about anything although some countries act act that protests are either an inconvenience to be a threat and to be extinguished .
In other words not all countries think people should let protesting ruin our country , let alone exist .
Although anyone should be able to protest freely if it does not create chaos plus it is an american right to be able to speak our opinions .

Protesting was made to change minds and to make people want to join and see one side of the story .
When people are protesting it could possibly get a little out of hand trying to get everyone on the same side .
According to Yes , Marches Can Make a Difference .
It Depends on These Three Factors .
Protesting is n't enough .
Protesters must to be organized in a way that lets them keep pushing for the movement 's goals .
In other words in order to make a strong protest people have to know the full information and the protest has to be organized .
Protests can change opinion and people have been studying protests for about thirty years .
According to Rights of Protesters Liberal protests lead Democrats to vote on the issues that resonate for them , and conservative protests lead Republicans to do the same .
What this means is the research they have been doing the past thirty years can most definitely change peoples minds and opinions .
This is why people must be aloud to protest freely , it can change minds and there is such element as a non chaotic protest .

Although protest can get a little out of hand , should kids be able to protest without parents consent ?
Some students parents may not want their kids involved with protesting and or politics depending on how old they are .
According to Saul , Stephanie , and Anemona Hartocollis Third through fifth graders may walk out ; second graders can observe , but not walk ; kindergartners and first - grade students will remain in class for discussions on school safety in general that avoid the shooting itself .
Although the school let third through fifth graders participate and second graders could watch , come of the parents may not have been thrilled with their kid coming home saying how they were in a protest at school .
Even though in school kids still are entitled to their rights it depends on what state the school and kids live in .
According to Why The Right to Protest ?
You do not lose your right to free speech just by walking into school .
You have the right to speak out , hand out flyers and petitions , and wear expressive clothing in school as long as you do n't disrupt the functioning of the school or violate the school 's content - neutral policies .
In other words when students go into school they have a right to speak freely although it can not effect the school policies and parents rules otherwise it is ok .
This is why anyone must be able to protest freely also if kids parents are fine with their kids protesting .

In America anyone must be able to protest when they want and where they want .
Some people may consider that anyone should be able to protest .
Americans think they should be able to speak their minds and protest wherever they go for example if they want to go protest on a corner they should be able to .
Although protesting must be illegal , protesting is turning our country into chaos .
Protesting must be stopped , protesting is ruining our country .
Although it is a free country and according to the first amendment people do get a right for freedom of speech .
Freedom of speech is an American right and our rights can not be taken away .
People must be able to protest whenever they have time or anytime they desire .

