Music helps people more than they think

Music , we listen to it everyday but do we really know the benefits of it .
There are many genres of music types that can make you sad but then others that can make you happy in a heartbeat .
If you are feeling sad or depressed you should probably listen to music so it can make you happy .
When your feeling sad or depressed and you listen to happy music it wants to change your mindset to happy .
When you ca n't find the right words to say music helps you communicate .
Music helps describe your feelings .
Music makes people feel good and makes them happy .
Music helps with depression lifts spirits and aids comunicacion issues .

Music can help through depression .
Music has been known to help with depression .
The use of music regulation of mood and emotions has been known for been known for centuries , and has been the subject of scientific investigation over the past decades .
With a growing of understanding of the benefits of music on physical psychosocial health , research about the application of music as a therapeutic tool .
In the treatment or management of treatment or management of mental health disorders - is still in its preliminary stages ( What Can Music Do For Your Depression ? ) .
Music can change your emotions and mood swings and music has been around for centuries .
Music therapy plus standard care shows steady improvement in depressive symptoms among the depressed than those just receiving standard care .
Music therapy shows steady improvement in depressive symptoms .

Music helps people communicate when we just ca n't find the right words to describe how we feel .
Music explains how people feel .
It helps people find themselves .
It helps people get through hard times that we all face in life .
( Why Is Music Important ? ) .
Music helps people communicate , without saying words bc the words are in the music .
Music helps express them self without saying words .
So music can help people describe people with their emotions .

Why do people like music ?
A lot of people like music .
People like music because they enjoy it .
( Why Do We Love Music ? ) .
Yea and a lot of people can relate because a lot of people love music .
Music changes people 's emotions .
Music makes people feel good .
( Music Makes Us Feel Good ? )

Although some may say music is boring distracting and worthless , music is actually helpful for many situations .
Music makes the soul happy .
It says the words your are not able to .
It changes your mood swings .
Overall music is purely beneficial .

