American soldiers are only doing what there are told to do .
It 's amazing that they went overseas to fight for not only our country also our lives .
They risked their lives in war but at home as well they struggled to and could n't support the families .
Sometimes they could n't even sleep at night friends died , and in times of emergency holidays were all together forgotten .
They Need to be recognised for staying strong .
They are able to go through traumatic and stressful times .
Vets have gone through so much .
Men and women all over the country have to say bye to their families .
Our american vets need to be respected for everything they have done for our country .

These militar people are only doing what they are told to do .
In stressful situations they are risking their lives .
According to this article Students Share `` Why American Veterans Should Be Honored '' , They had to fight for our country , while fighting for their lives .
What this means is they are fighting for america while also fighting to stay alive .
we have to respect our vets or america would practically be nothing .
In the same article stats I believe America 's veterans should be honored because they have helped to keep freedom in our country . this means that without them we would not have freedom in america .

We should also honor those that were in the Navy or Air Force .
According to Students Share `` Why American Veterans Should Be Honored '' in Essay Contest , They also have had dangerous tasks in battle , helping our country to defeat our many enemies .
This means that the vets on the ground need backup from the air sometimes .
In the same article they stated , `` They also had to protect our troops on the ground .
They fought to keep us all safe in our own country . ''
We should honor all of them .
this means that we also needed backup from the air and water , this is why we must support and respect our vets .
Military families have to deal with the absence of a parent .
Military Families face a number of challenges before , during , and after deployment .
According to the article , military . com the our military families are negatively affected by going to war `` effects of war can extend far beyond the deployed service member .
Children and families can struggle with changes resulting from an absent parent or spouse . '' this means that things like loneliness , panic , financial difficulties and more that can occur after they return from war .
This is another reason we must respect our vets .

We should respect our vets more .
Imagine trying to find shelter while bullets and shrapnel are flying every which way .
And watching friends get hit with bullets .
According to the website theodyseeonline . com `` Our fathers , brothers , sisters , mothers , uncles , aunts , cousins , friends and any other individuals serving in our military today go through or have gone through equally tremendous ordeals . ''
This means that no matter when or where you served they are equally important and should be treated better than they are .

It makes me mad when our vets have gone through so much and we do not treat them well at all .
Some people say why should we respect them they just killed people .
These people are wrong , I would like to see someone who think all they are is killers do half the things our vets do This is why we need to treat our vets better .
Imagine trying to go through and deal with all of that .

