Violent Video Games

School shootings have become more prominent in recent years .
There are many different theories as to why , one of them being violent video games .
Many teens in the United States play violent video games daily .
Most adults now believe that violent video games have played a part in school shootings .
I , however , disagree .
Violent video games have been around for decades , but only in the past few years have school shootings began to multiply .
They also help release anger and violence , not produce it .
Violent video games do not affect what a person is already wanting to do or their feelings .

Nowadays there are many violent games in our world , but not more so than in the nineties .
The only difference is how they are dressed up .
Games like Mario , Sonic , and Pac - Man are quite violent if looked at more closely .
But because of games like Call of Duty , Grand Theft Auto , and Blue Estate , those other games do not seem as violent even though they are at the same level of violence .
Take Mario and Call of Duty for example , in Call of Duty the point of the game is to kill the other players or zombies depending on the version played .
But in Mario , to win Princess Peach back , the players must kill and defeat many different types of monsters .
That is the same in most video games ; there is always some sort of violence .

Similarly , violence and anger in people is taken out when playing these games .
People naturally need to let out frustrations ; the most common way is through violence .
When we were not an evolved species and were instead like cavemen , we could randomly commit acts of aggression through violence .
It is part of being human , it is this age - old feeling that people can not just take out of them .
So , since violence has now been considered bad , we have invented new ways to let out our frustrations ; one way being violent video games .
This method worked for many years , and it still does .
What brought up school shootings is the fact that some people just think differently and thus causes different actions .
But it is in no way caused by outside forces like video games .
They are two unrelated topics .

However , that of course is just a theory , as it has not yet been discovered why these shootings are actually occurring .
Violent video games in today 's world are much more gruesome .
Technology has advanced , causing the graphics of video games to look that much more real .
This may have a relation to people who are still impressionable and do not yet know how to control their emotions .
When people , teens and young children especially , can not control or do not yet understand their emotions and get angry or upset , they may search their brains for some way to alleviate this feeling .
Then when they think of the video games , to them it may be the only solution .
But , this can not be confirmed since almost everyone who plays these types of games , do not go on to commit hateful or violent crimes .

In conclusion , there are many theories of why violent video games can cause school shootings .
But there are also many theories of why they do not .
Since video games were created , there was some sort of violence in almost every game .
But , it did not affect people then , so why should it now ?
Violence comes from within , not from something obviously fake on a screen .
The people who commit these vicious acts already wanted to .
They never got the idea from a video game .
They got the idea from their minds .
But once again , this can not be determined by simple conversation .
We need to do thorough tests on people to discover the truth , whether or not that be that violent video games are or are not the cause of school shooting .