Why Schools Should Not Start Later

In a family of four kids , much responsibility is addressed to the oldest child .
That child is me .
After school every day , I have to help and make sure my siblings ' established needs are fulfilled before I can entirely focus on mine .
The afternoon time I do this is barely enough time to finish the day .
If school started later , my time to help my family would decrease significantly .
I would n't be able to help as much as I can .
Which is why the school should n't start later because it reduces time in the afternoon , students may use extra time negatively , and people and communities could be impacted as well .

Schools should not change the start time in school because there would be less time for afternoon activities .
In the article Z 's Michelle Crouch stated , George was like most high schoolers . ..
A busy after school schedule with demanding academics . .
This statement shows that students have a busy schedule in and out of school .
Proving that schools should not change their start time because if school starts later , it ends later .
Students like George would have less time in the afternoons to complete their busy everyday schedules .
Things like homework would end up being rushed and finished poorly .
In another article titled Pros and Cons , Amy Morin , the author , stated , Students who participate in sports and extracurricular activities would get home much later in the evenings .
This quote shows that student - athletes or club members will have even less time for afternoon plans .
Once again proving that changing the school start time would affect some students more than others .
If an athlete or club member already had a worked out schedule to fit all their needs or plans in the afternoon , reducing the time would cause some events or plans to cancel to make time for better needs .
It is evident that schools should n't give start school later because doing so would give the less necessary time to do afternoon activities .

School start time should remain the same because putting school later could affect students choices .
In the article Z 's Michelle Crouch stated , But George 's school is n't entirely to blame . ..
researchers have found a clear link between your sleep and phone habits .
The quote shows that students can use their time however they want .
Showing evidence that school should keep the start time because pushing the time later could encourage students to use their phones even more in the afternoon or at night if they can catch up the hours of sleep they miss in the morning .
In an additional article , Pros and Cons the author , Amy Morin , stated , Teens may stay up late later if they do n't have to wake up at an earlier time .
This statement shows if students do not have a reason to wake up early they will go to sleep later at night .
This proves that pushing the start time can encourage a student 's choice in staying up late .
Which would eliminate the reasoning of starting school later if the reason for it was to have students gain more sleep ?
It is important for schools to keep their start time so students will not be encouraged to make negative choices with their rest time .

The time school starts should not be changed because pushing the time could affect others .
In the article Z 's Michelle crouch stated , He never got a full eight hours of sleep . ..
A busy after - school schedule .
This statement shows that most students do not get a full rest .
This helps to prove why a school should not start later .
Because if school starts later it will end later causing some students to stay up later in the night to finish their homework .
Which then would cause them to gain even less sleep than before , which could make a person irritable or affect their moods .
Students who get these effects may be rude to their family which could cause some family problems within the household .
In another article , Pros and Cons , Am Morin , the author , stated , Delaying high school start times could pose problems with . ..
the entire district .
The statement shows that delayed school - time can effect communities .
The Statement proves delaying school start time should not be processed .
If school ended later then teens who provided childcare to younger siblings would not be present unless the entire district changed all school times .
Wich could then put an impact on parents .
If a parent usually picks up their child in a schedule that works with their work hours then the schedule for parents must also change .
It is crucial schools do not change the beginning times of school so families and communities can stick to their schedules and are not impacted .

In conclusion , school should not begin later because doing so reduces afternoon activities time , students may use extra time negatively , and families as well as communities could be impacted as well .
Students need the afternoon time after school because then they can finish their homework properly and have the time for sports and clubs .
Keeping the start time could discourage students from staying up later in the night .
And Without a changed start time in school families and communities would not be affected .
It is clear school should not begin later .