Rehabilitation facilities

Ever wonder what life is like for veterans after the war ?
Life is unbelievably hard for veterans after the war .
War changes a person way of life after war veterans do not simply revert back to their life before the war .
Their lives are never the same after the war .
Veterans need a place they can go after the war if they need mental help , physical help or help with various other problems .
This is why rehabilitation facilities are needed .
If rehabilitation facilities are not provided , many of the nation 's men and women who have fought for the country will never get the help they need .
We must have rehabilitation facilities for veterans .

Rehabilitation helps with mental health , physical help and help with substance abuse .
`` 50 % Of veterans need mental health treatment '' ( The Lifeline for Vets . ) . 
American heroes deserve a home that they can go to where they can go for the mental help they need .
`` 20 % of veterans who served in either Iraq or Afghanistan suffer from either major depression or post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , 19.5 % of vets in these two categories have experienced a traumatic brain injury .
These sever brain disorders will affect veterans their whole lives ( The Lifeline for Vets . ) .
If not treated the effects of these disorders will be negatively impacted , so much so that the effects could lead to death .
Veteran mental health services are essential in order to help our vets to recover from their combat experiences and mental health issues related to their military service .

Some veterans may need physical therapy .
The benefits of physical therapy are tremendously beneficial Physical therapy helps veterans adjust to the loss of a limb ( The Lifeline for Vets . ) .
After losing a limb , a person 's life is significantly altered .
Life will never be the same after losing a limb .
Another benefit is that Physical therapy teaches how to function without a limb ( RAND and the New US Military Posture . ) .
After the loss of a limb , it is a lot of trouble to learn how to function normally .
Physical therapy is a major player in helping veterans to learn how to function without their limb .
With rehabilitation facilities , all veterans will get the physical help they need .

After the war a lot of veterans suffer from substance abuse .
`` Traumatic events such as combat exposure and multiple deployments can trigger drug and alcohol use , which all to often lead to addiction '' . ( Addiction Center - Everything You Need To Know About Drug Rehab . ) .
Rehabilitation is key to help veterans with substance abuse .
If veterans don not get the substance abuse help they need , the outcome could be fatal .
More than 20 % of veterans with PTSD also suffer from an addiction or dependence on drugs or alcohol ( Addiction Center - Everything You Need To Know About Drug Rehab . ) .
Exposure to war and battle have caused these symptoms , this is why the hero 's who defend and have defended us need rehabilitation facilities .

Veterans do not need rehabilitation facilities .
There are already over 100 veteran rehabilitation facilities in U.S. `` Only 20 % of veterans who have served in either Iraq or Afghanistan suffer from either major depression or post - traumatic stress disorder  '' . ( Addiction Center - Everything You Need To Know About Drug Rehab . ) .
this is a small percent compared to the other eighty percent who do n't need rehabilitation .
Why should facilities be created when such a small percent need rehabilitation .2.1 million veterans receive mental health treatment from us department of veteran affairs ( Addiction Center - Everything You Need To Know About Drug Rehab . ) .
Veterans already get enough help for their mental state , why should more be created if Veterans are already getting the help they need .
Some Veterans deal with substance abuse , but the nation has tons of substance abuse rehabilitation facilities for that exact reason .
No more rehabilitation facilities should be created .
The pros of creating rehabilitation facilities outweigh the cons , this is why we need rehabilitation facilities .

