Most teens use social media platforms such as Instagram , Facebook , Twitter , Snapchat , and Youtube .
There is an ongoing debate to whether or not teens should use social media .
Some people believe that social media is used in ways that do n't harm the user .
Some people believe that social media is abused and is a way for bullying to start .
Social media has more positive impacts on teens because it can help those with mental disorders and young adults develop personalities .

One way social media could have a positive impact on teens is by helping teens with mental disorders .
The article , Social media can be both bummer and boon for the brain , says , Young adults with serious mental illness such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder can also find social support via social media , according to a study published in 2016 ( Kaiser Health News ) .
Another part of the article states , Young adults with serious mental illness such as schizophrenia and bipolar disorder can also find social support ...
( Kaiser Health News ) .
The fact that teens with mental illnesses can find support in social media shows that social media benefits teens .

Social media can help teens develop their own personalities .
The article Teenage social media butterflies may not be such a bad idea says , In studies of teenagers and young adults , Cal State L.A. psychology professor Kaveri Subrahmanyam has also found that children 's online worlds and friendships strongly resemble their relationships offline ( Healy ) .
The point being , children are creating their own identities with social media .
Another article states , By curating their online personas to reflect their best traits , users remember what they like best about themselves ( Kaiser Health News ) .
In other words , social media is making people remember what they like about themselves , creating their personalities .
The fact that teens are able to form their own identities shows that social media is a good thing .

Critics of social media argue that it can make mental disorders worse .
Social media can be both bummer and boon for the brain says , The negative effects of social media on young people 's mental health are well - documented by researchers and the press ( Kaiser Health News ) .
In other words , their point is that social media is a bad thing for teens with mental disorders .
However , Social media can be both bummer and boon for the brain also says , They have found that social media may also help improve mental health by boosting self - esteem and providing a source of emotional support ( Kaiser Health News ) .
The fact that social media may help improve mental health by boosting self - esteem goes against Social media can be both bummer and boon for the brain 's claim that social media is bad for mental health .

Positive impacts outway the bad impacts .
Social media can help young adults with mental disorders and teens develop personalities .
Social media might not be so bad .