Higher Education & Immigration : The Problems Hurting America 's Economy

The United States prides itself with being a country far ahead of others economically , but with rising costs for education and illegal immigrants and low income families not receiving the same amount of opportunities for higher education as others , America may soon start falling behind .
Richard Eskow , a writer , believes that higher education is becoming an inherited privilege ( Eskow ) .
Ward Connerly , an American political activist believes that illegal immigrants living in the United States should not receive benefits citizens or legal immigrants do n't get ( Connerly ) .
These different points are both issues that need resolving .
With all these problems , the United States will go down economically , meaning jobs are n't getting filled which can bring the U.S. to a halt .
Higher education needs to become affordable for illegal immigrants and American citizens , while also giving illegal immigrants a better chance to become a functioning / contributing member of society .

The U.S. can afford to bring down the prices for higher education , but it is all a matter of being willing to do the steps it takes to achieve this goal .
If prices were to go down , many would benefit and those living in America would be living a better life due to the lower costs .
There is no real reason to keep the prices to higher education like this , because the United States is currently spending approximately 70 billion on student aid ( Eskow ) when that does not have to be the case .
If there were higher taxes for those of wealthier class , more money would go in student aid ( Eskow ) .
America needs to realize if it wants to pride itself with the motto only in America , then it should allow its citizens and undocumented population to fulfill dreams they thought were unattainable .
By not taking down prices , the U.S. is in serious risk of its economy going straight down .
When this begins to happen , the only ones to blame would be the U.S. itself and not illegal immigrants .

Since the U.S. currently does not have many cheap options for higher education , the U.S. population try to lower the cost for higher education by attempting to receive in - state tuition .
Although , many feel the undocumented population are being given unfair advantages .
Undocumented individuals should not be given advantages citizens and legal immigrants do n't get ( Connerly ) .
This is a good argument as it does seem unfair , but the idea of illegal immigrants receiving in - state tuition should not be completely taken away .
Anybody who is hard - working should be eligible for in - state tuition , because if someone is seen to be a hard - working student , whose dream it is to get into some type of higher education , that person should be eligible to go on with their education .
This argument ultimately just falls into what the price is for higher education .
We would n't be worrying about in - state tuition if the prices were not so high to begin with .
Since prices for higher education do not appear to be going down , then the solution to these problems would be to lower the costs .
Anybody in the U.S. should be eligible , it all just depends on how dedicated they are , if they want to receive in - state tuition .

Higher education is so expensive , that it does not matter what type of tuition is given because the prices will still be too high .
So much so that Richard Eskow believes Higher education is becoming an inherited privilege ( Eskow ) .
It is known that prices for higher education are the highest they have ever been .
If higher education is becoming an inherited privilege than America should be preparing for the worst because soon only people with wealth can join and fewer people will be employed with good paying jobs .
Higher education becoming an inherited privilege is a dangerous concept that should never come to light in this nation .
It would leave society conforming to receiving lower education which in return would negatively affect employment rates in careers such as doctors , scientists , and teachers .
The economy as well as the higher level workforce in the nation would be damaged greatly as a result of these job shortages .
With there only being a society of people who only have a high school diploma , lower level jobs will be the ones filled and not the ones that have more importance to America .

When access to higher education becomes more difficult to obtain , many of the jobs that do n't need many requirements from the applicant becomes the main priority to plenty of people to try and get .
Illegal immigration results in a loss of jobs from Americans because undocumented immigrants are willing to work for lower wages . ..
( Illegal Immigrants ) .
Illegal immigrants have no choice .
When it comes to trying to survive in America , a job becomes a crucial need .
Due to the undocumented status of an illegal immigrant , there are not many options of jobs out there , so sadly that is something illegal immigrants will have to endure .
Illegal immigrants are known to mostly work in the field , but only because that is the only job they can get .
This is the reason illegal immigrants badly want to get a higher education , for the opportunities it creates for a better job and better life .
Illegal immigrants already have a disadvantage the moment they arrive to the U.S. due to their undocumented status .

Some people believe that giving easier access to higher education and wider variations of jobs to illegal immigrants , may result in an increase of immigrants entering the country .
With more immigrants entering there 's always the fear among the American people that terrorism could become more common .
There is the known fear that with and increase of illegal immigrants coming in , it might cause another 9/11 attack ( Illegal Immigrants ) .
A terrorist attack is always one to fear , but when the American people just assume any minority is guilty of possibly causing one , is simply wrong .
According to Keller a swiss physicist and Tillman a sociologist , many illegal immigrants do not want to cause any sort of violence , they just want to succeed in America , so they put almost all their efforts in trying to do well in school and jobs so that they can succeed ( Keller and Tillman ) .
Illegal immigrants are mainly here for a better life than the ones they had before , not to cause terror .
Illegal immigrants do their best to become part of the United States , because they do pay taxes like anyone else ( Illegal Immigrants ) .
are just trying to live peacefully so the U.S. should not be going against someone 's pursuit of happiness due to a hunch .

Many people believe when there is an increase of illegal immigrants coming into the United States , there is more of a chance for overpopulation .
Yeh Ling - Ling is an executive director of the Diversity Alliance for a Sustainable America , who is worried about what overpopulation may bring Those newcomers will consume energy and water , like all other residents , thus exacerbating our energy and water shortages ( Ling - Ling ) .
It is a reasonable fear that resources may start running out from over population , however illegal immigrants are in need for the resources they are taking .
According to David Bennion , an immigration attorney , many of the illegal population like Dreamers do not live a comfortable life due to the fact that many jobs will not hire someone with no legal status ( Bennion ) .
Even though the undocumented population ca n't find work they still manage to be hard workers in other forms , like school Research finds that immigrant parents generally hold higher expectations for their children and maintain greater parental control that native - born parents and , consequently , place greater demands on their children in terms of school engagement and success ( Keller and Tillman ) .
So blaming them for the resources they are using is a bad argument because they are earning the resources they are getting .
It is known with higher education comes greater opportunity for a better paying job ; with that comes the ability to pay more taxes .
Not to mention that , that job may also be helping with society in a good way and can help others , say if they were a doctor or a scientist .
Illegal immigrants may be taking up resources but that does not mean that they are not trying to give back for what they are taking .

The only way illegal immigrants , along with U.S. citizens can give back to America , is by getting a higher education for jobs that need to be filled .
Higher education will give people a wider array of options for jobs but not without a price .
Even if higher education is received , it will be nearly impossible to walk out without taking home a huge debt that can last years to pay back ( Eskow ) .
This discourages many , which can lead to jobs needing to be filled in , but nobody is educated enough to do that job , which can bring down the economy .
This should definitely worry people because if people are n't willing to join a college or a university , no one will be highly educated enough , that the U.S.will start to be looked at as a place where only the rich get by , because only they can afford higher education .

If the prices were to not come down , the United States is in serious trouble with the risk of its economy going down and its lack of people in a higher level workforce .
America should make higher education cheaper and not just for its citizens , but also for the illegal immigrants that can become a very useful part of the economy .
Many people will believe that the increase of undocumented immigrants there will be fewer jobs or possibly another 9/11 .
This is just not the case , because illegal immigrants are n't here to cause violence , they are simply trying to live a better life .
Both citizens and illegal immigrants can end up bringing the economy up if they all had an easier access to higher education .
With the problems that come with high prices for higher education and America 's economy possibly declining , both problems can be solved with the lowering of the price for higher education .
Many people would be able to finally enjoy a higher education unencumbered by debt .
With having achieved a higher education most would take that opportunity to apply for higher end jobs .
Having more people contribute to the US economy would benefit the United States GDP due the increase of money flowing in businesses .
This would benefit the U.S. and would bring the economy to rise , due to this neglected group of people 's newfound ability to work at a higher level .

