We Should Allow Central American Refugees Into Our Country ?

Why are we not allowing Central American Refugees into our country ?
Some people in Mexico want to have better education , some need to escape drug gangs , and they have a long history .
While being in Mexico drugs are a big problem .

Many Mexicans families are fleeing their country for refugee within the United States due to the violence brought on by drug cartels .
The people that live in Mexico want to escape their country because of many of the drug gangs and drug related violence .
Drug - related homicides soared , and former elite soldiers on the payroll of a drug cartel were responsible for numerous kidnappings and killings .
Since all of these drug related violence has be happening people want to get out of the danger of drugs .
Studies have shown that drugs gangs in Mexico are increasing rapidly .

A great deal of Mexican families are sending their children across the Mexican border into the United States .
Why has this been happening ?
Well resources say that Mexico 's education system is failing so parents in Mexico are sending their children across the border .
What that tells people is that the parents are trying to give their children better education then they ever had .
The parents are just trying to do there best so their children have a great life .
Studies have shown that the US is one of the most popular countries to live in .
People want to move hear because they have better chances of being more successful .

Migration from Mexico to the United States is not a new phenomenon .
It began over 150 years ago , when many Mexican Latinos say , the border crossed them .
Having lost the war with the United States , Mexico was forced to cede about half of its territory , and movement back and forth between the two countries has been going on ever since .
However , over the past two or three decades this ongoing migration has been marked by some very significant quantitative and qualitative changes .
While there are no formal agreements defining the process , it can be fairly said that the flow of migrants .
Which began increasing rapidly in the early 1980s .
What this is telling people is that crossing the border has been going on for longer than people think .

Some people in Mexico want to have better education , some need to escape drug gangs as they also have a long history .
Although some people in Mexico that came to US brought drugs and guns .
Does n't mean we have to punish everyone .
Now is it the wrong thing to do to help families in need ?

