Collaboration and Friendships : The Benefit of Social Media

I bet you 're on your phone right now .
Or you were a couple minutes ago , or you will a couple minutes later .
Technology is who we are in this day and age , and there is almost no avoiding it as it is everywhere .
Social media is one of the great ways in which all people interact with each other digitally , especially with teens and our need to feel popular and liked every minute .
Most teens tend to use platforms such as Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , and iMessage .
Snapchat and Instagram are mainly used for showing what you are currently doing or what you were doing by using pictures and videos , while they do involve regular texting .
Likewise , Twitter and iMessage use just texting whether it be to a wide audience or to one person .
Some people argue that social media is negatively affecting teens by stating social media can cause stalking and insecurity .
In contrast , others say social media is great for teens because they are able to explore their own interests freely .
In recent years , technology has greatly improved and ways to interact with each other has become easier .
Ultimately , social media positively affects teens because they are able to gain access to resources and collaborate with others and create strong friendships .

Have you ever used social media to organize an event ?
Well , collaboration is made millions of times easier by social media interaction .
Recently , A National Representative Survey conducted a study about social media usage .
They concluded that 94 % of teens use either Snapchat and/or Instagram .
In the United States , there is an estimated 13 % ( or 2.4 million ) teens in the population and 94 % of this is a whopping 2.2 million teens that use social media ! ( says hhs . gov ) .
Imagine that amount of collaboration and imagination there is !
In fact , experts say ; `` They 're teens realizing there is so much more they can do , '' said Sonnino .
At a recent digital family summit , Sonnino said she heard from kids who are doing things like creating Rainbow Loom bracelets to raise money for cystic fibrosis '' ( Wallace ) .
Now , others may say that there is a huge risk of teens running into bad people - like stalkers and predators - during their collaboration .
These people could ruin the teens future or harm the teen mentally or physically .
Although this may be true , it is extremely easy to avoid as many sites offer safety features .
For instance , Snapchat allows you to choose who sees your story and only those who follow you can see your story .
Instagram offers features like this as well , like making your account , followers , and who you follow invisible until you allow someone to follow you .
These safety features make collaboration safe and easy for all teens unless they were to go out of their way to make their environment unsafe .
Social media is n't just a great tool for collaboration , it is also a great platform to get to know people on .

Friends are what get us through life , without your friends would you be where you are today ?
Many teens say that social media is great for strengthening friendships and making new friends .
In fact , teens say Social media `` They Teens believe that social media helps their friendships makes them feel more outgoing and gives them confidence '' ( Wallace ) .
Teens are able to do do much from making plans to go ice skating , to just texting and having fun !
Social media was made for connecting with the people you enjoy being around , and whether it be your best friends or the whole word , you can show who you are .
Some say that social media causes jealousy and friendship fights , and this can be true as someone might post a picture of themselves having a great time at a party that their friend was n't invited to .
However , this is bound to happen as most great things have a down side to them , but social media is not to blame .
Social media is just a platform to allow individuals to post and see what they want , that friend did n't need to post about party , nor did the other friend need to look at the post .
Social media is a bee , it is not dangerous in itself , it is only dangerous if you let it be dangerous , social media is not to blame for someone 's activity .
If you do n't allow social media to be dangerous , it can be fantastic as you are able to chat , help , and get together with your friends easier than ever .
Overall , social media greatly improves teens friendships by allowing them to get together and do activities as a group .

Social media is extremely beneficial for teens as it allows them to collaborate with others and create friendships .
Snapchat allows for collaboration with anyone around the world , which can lead to a wide spread of ideas .
iMessage allows you to chat with anyone you desire .
Instagram allows others to post a picture of themselves any time anywhere .
Social media can strengthen friendships and can make new friendships because they are able to plan what they would like to do at ease .
Over the years , people have grown assumptions about platforms like Snapchat , saying that the site is dangerous because people can follow you at random and see what you are doing .
Fortunately , this is wrong , as safety features allow you to block people before they can see anything about you .
In conclusion , social media platforms are n't just beneficial for teens,  but for everyone , and there is little to no danger to use them .

