According to a British Psychological Society , approximately 90 percent of teenagers are on social media , ( Jakobsons ) .
Social media is used so much today that it has become a problem .
Social media has led to hackings , addiction , inactivity and multiple indirect deaths from around the world .
Social Media can turn teens lives into trainwrecks .
Therefore social media should be limited to teens due to several detrimental impacts it can have such as the inability to develop social skills and depression .

Social media has caused a large amount of negative impacts on teens .
One of such is the inability to develop social skills .
According to CNN 's article This is How Social Media Affects Your Brain it states , Adolescence is a period that is very important for social learning , which could explain why teens are often more tuned in to what 's going on in their respective cultures .
With the rise of social media , Sherman thinks we may even be learning to read likes and shares instead of facial expressions , ( East ) .
This affects teens because in the future their social skills may be reduced to only reading positive aspects of reality than facial expression .
The reason this can affect teens is because if they only read positives of reality , they will have a very hard time dealing with problems that occur in their life until they learn how to deal with the negative aspects of life .
But others may say that social media helps build social skills .
Damon Verial states , The Internet 's social networks help teens find communities of peers who share similar interests , allowing a teen to grow his social network in a way that is specific to him , ( Verial ) .
This shows that there may be a positive aspect to social media , but the chances are too risky to take due to the fact that it may be putting someone 's social development skills to risk .
There are many more negative effects that come with social media one of such is depression .

Social media has been a center for unwanted problems , and the next negative effect it has caused is depression .
This affects many of the social media users worldwide .
Plus it not only affects teenagers , it also affects adults .
Depression is like a tornado , not wanted and detrimental and An article from The Child Mind Institute exclaims , Self - esteem comes from consolidating who you are .
The more identities you have , and the more time you spend pretending to be someone you are n't , the harder it 's going to be to feel good about yourself , ( Steiner - Adair ) .
This explains how social media can make teens feel worse about themselves by making them feel like people that they are not .
Depression may eventually lead to suicide which is why it is important for people to fully understand the risks they are taking by going onto social media .
Opposers of this might say that social media can help fight against depression , such as Andrea K. McDaniels .
She explains , A study by the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health found that social media helped teenagers who played video games excessively and suffered from symptoms of depression , ( McDaniels ) .
This shows that social media might help fight against depression .
But the risks people take by going on social media are too costly to take , therefore it should be limited to only the people that can handle it .

In conclusion , the impacts of social media are more negative than positive , so it should have it 's limits .
Social media should be limited to people that know how to use it because of the many problems it has brought along with it .
People are blinded of the risks social media has and there is only one question to be answered , Are these risks worth taking ?