The U.S.S Indianapolis tragedy

There were over 500 lives lost during the tragedy of the U.S.S. Indianapolis .
The army could have taken the precautions to ensure the safety of the passengers but instead did not .
The marines that served on the U.S.S indianapolis as it went down could have been saved if the army had kept communication with the ship during its journey .
The U.S.S indianapolis would have been able to save hundreds of passengers from death by having a supporter ship trailing along it to ensure the safety of the ship and passengers .
As the ships tragedy could have been prevented by various reasons the one that stands out is that while the ship was hi they were not doing a zig zag pattern to avoid torpedoes .
With all of the information given it is stated how the U.S.S indianapolis could have been prevented if the army had taken the correct precautions .

The U.S.S indianapolis could have been prevented by having a ship trail behind to ensure the safety of the passengers .
As the army has made claims that it was not possible to do so because of the secret mission the crew was on even thought of the secrecy of the mission the following ship would have helped to give protection the marines on board .
The following ship would have been able to pick up the marines that were able to get into the water and save them from the shark attacks .
The following ship could have picked up the main cargo if the big ship had been attacked before the arrival to the army base the following ship could have completed the mission .
The army should have given the ship a following ship as they went to the base after dropping off the bomb .
The ship would have been able to ensure the protection of the bomb if the main ship was attacked .
The following ship would have been able to save many from loved and lost family and friends .
There were many critics that said that there were many families that had a relative survive and lose a part of their personality .
In some cases survivors on the incident have lost a certain piece of happiness that completes them because of the incident .

The army failed to keep the location of the ship .
The navy failed to notice that the indianapolis was overdue at its port of call ( USS Indianapolis CA-35 .
) .
The army had made the decision to put the soldiers lives at risk to ensure the safety of the bomb .
The army said that in some cases tracking the object instead of the ship can be helpful so that the army can fulfill their mission .
The army made the mistake of not noticing something was wrong as the ship did n't arrive on time and did not do anything about it .
As the army has stated in many occasions that they could have not put the tracker on the ship because of he secreasy of the ships mission .
There are many reasons why the U.S.S indianapolis tragedy should n't have happened and this is another reason why .

