Why Barbie Must Be Banned

As a young girl walks into a toy store , she immediately goes straight for the Barbie doll .
She begins to compare herself to the doll only a few years later after she purchases the doll .
She is now an adult and has had multiple plastic surgeries done .
Only to relate her looks to Barbie .
She has low confidence and everything she wears is pink .
Everything must be feminine to be Barbie .
People have to change themselves to relate their looks to Barbie .
This is completely unacceptable .
Barbie wears an unattainable body , encourages girls to be feminine , and lowers self esteem and confidence , therefore these dolls must be banned .

Because Barbie wears an unattainable body , this toy has been proven to not be suitable for a child .
People will do anything to relate to Barbie .
I am not blaming Barbie or the princesses for all of this but I think they play a role in rising rates of plastic surgery and eating disorders ( Welcome ) .
Both eating disorders and plastic surgery rates have been increasing the last few years and Barbie might be playing a huge factor .
Children will receive an impact on their body when they are older and want to relate their looks to Barbie .
They teach children that it is desirable to be thin , white , and blonde ( Home ) .
People catch Barbie 's look attractive , this is why girls at a young age desire to be blonde and thin .
Girls wanting to change their looks by surgery or eating disorders could damage a girls life and therefore Barbie dolls must be banned .

Everything Barbie wears is completely feminine .
When she is portraying a non feminine job , she makes it feminine by the clothes she wears .
Clad in a tight , hot - pink dress and sky - high black heels ( which presumably limit how far she can lean in any given direction ) , Entrepreneur Barbie carries a patent - leather briefcase , pink clutch and what appear to be a knock - off iPhone and iPad ( Rampell ) .
Because of what Barbie is wearing , it does n't seem that she should be an entrepreneur .
Because of Barbie 's negative impact , there have been other dolls made to stop this from happening .
The Super Hero girls all wear flat shoes , none of them have heels , Austin says .
Their clothes cover a lot more than Barbie clothes do , so you 're also marketing to parents who have a well - developed sense of what girls should be at this moment , or the story we should be telling through toys ( From Barbie to Superheroes : The New Femininity in Dolls . )
.
There are many other dolls that leave a better effect on a child .
This doll is telling children to be feminine , no matter the cost .
Therefore these dolls must be banned .

Lowering self esteem and confidence have occurred when purchasing this doll .
Self esteem can range from personality to body self esteem .
These effects range from eating disorders to overall body esteem dissatisfaction ( College of Culinary Arts | Johnson & Wales University , ) .
People have received low body self esteem from these dolls .
Because of this doll , people have also received low confidence .
The doll has led many girls toward eating disorders , body image issues , physical transformation , and lowered confidence ( Bleeding Blue & White ) .
In other words , this doll has had many girls experience lowered confidence .
Low self esteem and confidence has been lowered and consequently Barbie dolls must be banned .

Because Barbie wears an unattainable body , encourages feminism , and lowers self esteem and confidence , she is not a role model that should be looked up to .
In the heartwarming advert above , Barbie inspires young girls to take charge of their own lives , telling everyone out there that Barbie is not a plastic , superficial medium for young girls to channel the selves they truly wish to become ; rather , a role model to inspire the greatest desire to venture beyond their ` assigned ' roles and break free of the occupations and images society sets out for them as appropriate and ideal ( Student Edge ) .
Because of the appearance Barbie has , she is a terrible role model for young children to look up to .
Barbie wears an unattainable body .
She encourages feminism and lowers self esteem .
She also lowers confidence .
These reasons clearly explain why Barbie is not a positive role model for children and therefore must be banned .
The generation of today will be covered in plastic surgeries and be considered fake , unless people do something to help this cause .

