Veterinary Pharmacy v.s. Veterinary Pharmacology

I have always been drawn to animals and insects since I was little .
I remember during the hot summers in North Carolina I would go outside and try to collect all of the ladybugs and caterpillars I could find to put inside my insect catching kit .
I have not always had a good relationship standing with animals such as , squirrels .
My relationships with squirrels first started when me and my older brother where young and would go outside , after my mom would return from her 12 hour shifts , to go and play with the sprinklers in the front yard .
While running through the sprinklers screaming loud with excitement and getting soaking wet in our bathing suits the squirrels would line up on our Oak tree and throw acorns at us leaving us with welts all over our little bodies .
Or whether if it was my second encounter with a squirrel that I had named and would look after after discovering that she was pregnant ; or when I was attacked by a squirrel while I lived in St. Louis and its nails dug so deep into my skin that I had puncture holes through my jeans that soon turned bright red .
Even now at the age of seventeen I still fear squirrels because I know their power and what they can do .

Nevertheless , these encounters have never deterred me from my love of animals .
I have always said since I was a little girl that I wanted to be a Veterinarian even if I could not pronounce it correctly from my small country vocabulary that I had stored away .
I did not know until I was a sophomore in high school that I had an interest in Chemistry .
Once I found that I had a strength in Chemistry and interest in being a veterinarian , I began my research on how I could merge the two things that I love into one .
Through my research , I found two careers that interested me , Veterinary Pharmacology and Veterinary Pharmacy .
Veterinary Pharmacologists are the chemists in the lab trying to modify drugs and medicines for the advancement of animals .
Veterinary Pharmacists are the doctors who study the effects of certain medicines and drugs on animals .
Both the Pharmacologist and the Pharmacist work together for the benefits of animals .
I enjoy helping others but find joy in helping those who can not verbalize their pain .
As said by a famous Doctor who specialized in Veterinary Medicine , The best doctor in the world is a Veterinarian .
They ca n't ask their patients what is the matter - they ' ve just got to know - Will ( Rogers ) .
The path to becoming a veterinarian is having compassion and patience with animals .
Many may argue that being a Veterinarian is not a good decision for a career especially women due to large sick animals that may be hard to control and can cause damage to expensive medical equipment .
Out of these two careers I believe that I will become a Veterinary Pharmacologist because I enjoy doing Chemistry for medicines like pharmaceuticals , toxicology , and therapeutics .

First , the beginnings of many veterinary medicinal careers stem from chemistry .
Veterinarian Medicine is the application of medical , diagnostic and the studies of therapeutics for domestic , exotic and wildlife animals .
Veterinary Science helps with the protection of animal production .
Veterinarians help treat sick animals by conducting physical examinations , prescribing medicines and performing medical procedures .
They also educate animal owners and provide preventative treatments to animals as stated in Clinical Veterinary Advisor : Dogs and Cats by Etienne Cote , during the physical exam .
The hard work put in for a veterinarian can be rewarding , especially when a vet sees a sick animal return to health .
To reach this point in their career veterinarians have to make many tough decisions on what part of medicine they would like to specialize in .
These tough , important decisions mold them into how to react and handle different aspects of their job .
According to the book Opportunities in Veterinary Medicine Careers , it discusses the future for many veterinarians and the different paths that they pursued .
To become a veterinarian , there are many prerequisites that need to be taken in college before starting their initial career path such as chemistry , animal sciences , and advanced life sciences stated by the Association of American Veterinary Medical Colleges ( AAVMC .
org ) .
Becoming a veterinarian there are many job options that may offer more money than others but choosing the right career path should be based off of interest in the actual career rather than the salary that comes along with it .
As James Herriot , a British veterinarian says , If you decide to become a veterinarian you will never grow rich but you will have a life of endless interests and variety .
The average pharmacist salary ( pharmacists are grouped in a generalized category ) in the U.S. was $ 129,718 , with a range between $ 121,998 and $ 138,520 ( according to Career Trend ) .
The average veterinary pharmacology salary ranges from $ 84,217 to 104,354 ( according to salary expert ) .
The best success in a career field is if you enjoy all aspects of the job that you are working towards to or for .
In the Textbook of Veterinary Internal Medicine Expert Consult , it discusses the diagnoses for many animals and how new diseases can aid with mutations through generations of animals .
The textbook informs the reader by stating that , In the past 26 years , key mutations have been identified for 186 canine diseases 49 feline diseases ( Cote ) .
With knowledge of animals and have they have changed is very similar to evolution of humans mutation through many centuries .
In veterinary careers before having the ability to diagnose an animal the veterinarian has to have prior knowledge in chemistry .
Like all organisms from microbiomes and mammals they are mostly composed up of similar chemical substances from both the organic and inorganic world ( Textbook of Veterinary Physiological Chemistry ) .

Next , Veterinary Pharmacists are medical professionals who help with the diagnosis and treatment of many animals .
Having history of many animals such as their genetic makeup help with the treatment of them like stated in the Textbook of Veterinary Internal Medicine .
With knowledge of the genetic makeup in animals it is plausible to determine and help with the examination of both cat and dogs , like observing body weight .
As stated in the textbook dogs are at their ideal weight when the ribs are easily palpable , without excess fat covering and the waist is observed behind the ribs with the abdomen tucked away when viewed from the side ( Cote ) .
In the book it does not give an ideal weight for dogs and cats based off of using weight from a scale but rather from visual observations .
For veterinarians every test that they take of a domesticated animal is not through chemical tests but can also be visual tests .
To be able to determine if something is wrong or a concern for an animal first the doctor must rely on some of their five senses such as smell , touch , and sight .
With these senses they are able to make plausible guesses about a problem and if needed can follow up their visual observations by chemical tests .
This career is not for me because I would like to build personal relationships with my patients and their owners rather than just seeing them as scheduled appointments that I give out medicines to that I believe would help an issue .
Although Veterinary Pharmacists have to have knowledge in Pharmacology before they can become a doctor they are above the Pharmacologists and rarely have time to bond with the patients that they see .

Finally , Veterinary Pharmacologists are trained professionals who help with the making and record findings of reactions from certain drugs and medicines .
In the book , Veterinary Pharmacology and Therapeutics , it discusses how chemistry can also aid with therapeutics .
As a Veterinary Pharmacologist they can help revise drugs in order to help an animal with a disorder that may have occurred through many years of evolving .
Due to the study of pharmacology and therapeutics many groups and organizations have been formed such as the AAVPT ( American Academy of Veterinary Pharmacology and Therapeutics ) which was founded in 1977 and has a diverse membership of people at almost 300 from over 20 countries .
The membership is based off of a common interest in research and teaching in veterinary pharmacology .
In Veterinary Hematology and Clinical Chemistry , it offers vital information about the practical guide to diagnosis and treatment of the most common disorders within red blood cells , white blood cells , hemostasis and blood transfusion medicine .
With knowledge from the resource that through diagnoses and experimentation disorders could either be treated or be kept at a stable levels ( Thrall ) .
In the book of Basic Medical Biochemistry , like humans , animals need two basic metabolic requirements such as cells needed to synthesize with everything that we eat and cells that are able to protect our internal organs from toxins and our external environment ( Lieberman ) .
The career of being a veterinary pharmacologist is for me because I believe that everything has a cure and through experimentation and observation many things that we fear today can be healed or be kept at low stable rates for the benefits of animals and even human civilization .
The use of chemistry intrigues me because if a specific drug does not help or aid a disorder a pharmacologist can take that drug back into the lab and modify it to fit its needs .
Veterinary Pharmacologist are trained professionals who master both skills of being a trusted veterinarian for animals but also a trusted chemist that has the best interests in the advancement of many drugs and cures .
This career is ultimately for me because I want to be able to work hands on with the patients and also be able to work in the lab to formulate something specifically for them .
Being a Pharmacologist they are able to build personal relationships with their patients and their owners .

In conclusion , both Medical Professions spark interests in me with their ties into Veterinary Medicine and Chemistry .
Veterinary Pharmacology is the ultimate career path for me because I enjoy recording my findings and finding new ways to navigate a problem to cure it and modify it to help others succeed .
Both the Pharmacologist and the Pharmacist work together for the benefits of animals .
I enjoy helping others but find joy in helping those who can not verbalize their pain .
Others may pick the career that pays more salary every fiscal year but I would rather enjoy my job and feel as if I am not working every day rather than working for a paycheck .
Working as a Veterinary Pharmacologist sparks interests in me by the relationships and bonds that can be made between a doctor and their patients .
Through their knowledge of veterinarian skills and chemistry skills I feel like this career fits me the best through similar interests and strengths that I also have .
I intend to pursue this career and all of the prerequisites through personal interests not of the salary and benefits that come along with it .
Being a Veterinary Pharmacists also sparks interest in me but not as much as Veterinary Pharmacology does through human and animal relationships .
As a pharmacologist I can also master in Therapeutics and observe how dogs help with human connection such as an animal 's connection with a both a high profile inmate and a low profile inmate .
Like the connection between a doctor and its patients there can be an unknown and even helpful connection between an animal and an inmate .
With knowledge from doing research about both careers Veterinary Pharmacology is like my glass slipper for working in a job field that I will soon enjoy .