Should Time on Technology be Limited for Students in Middle Schools and High Schools in the United States ?

As technology becomes more popular , more people are becoming addicted to technology .
Being too attached to technology can have many negative side effects .
Technology can affect both mental and physical health if used too often .
Since technology affects both mental and physical health , it can be damaging to people and can lead to unwanted side effects .
Yet these issues can be prevented by spending a limited amount of time on technology .
This is why middle schools and high schools in the United States must limit time on technology to half of a student 's class time because too much technology causes depression , obesity , physical and mental issues .

Too much time on technology can cause kids to become addicted to technology and suffer from depression .
Many students in recent years have become addicted to technology .
According to French , `` Kids ages eight to 18 are becoming more addicted to technology , and it is leading to negative consequences , such as the need for instant gratification , poor face - to - face interaction , and risk of depression . ''
As it appears technology is causing many negative side effects , and students should not have to deal with these side effects .
It was recently found that students who spent too much time on the internet were diagnosed with depression .
In a study done , `` 30 percent of the 1 , 500 kids used the internet for three or more hours a day and were diagnosed with depression  , '' ( French ) .
This is thirty percent of kids too many who suffer from depression because of technology .
Since technology causes depression , middle schools and high schools must limit their time on technology to half of a student 's class time .

While depression is an effect of too much technology , it is not the only effect another effect is that it causes people to be overweight or obese .
Too much time on technology causes obesity because when people are on technology they are usually not being active or moving .
`` In simple terms , obesity results from an imbalance between the intake and the expenditure of energy , '' ( Kautiainen ) .
This means that when people are on technology for too long , they are more likely to become obese because they are not releasing the energy they take in .
If students are on technology for too long , then they will have an increased chance of being overweight or obese .
According to Kautiainen , `` Increased time spent on viewing television and using computers was associated with an increased prevalence of being overweight . ''
Based on the information above , children who use technology for too long will become obese or overweight due to a lack of physical movement .
Because technology causes obesity , time on technology must be limited to half of the student 's class time for middle schools and high schools in the United States .

Another effect of using technology too long is that it causes physical and mental issues .
Recently it has been proven that technology has many negative physical and mental effects on children .
`` The studies about the effects of technology overuse on children prove to have negative effects on their development : decrease of cognitive , learning and communication capacities , of their self - control , emotional intelligence and empathy , or even worth , psychiatric problems may occur , such as anxiety , depression , social phobia and addiction ( Rodideal ) '' . 
Therefore , students must be limited to the amount of time allowed on technology in school .
Limiting a student 's time on technology would prove to be beneficial because these side effects are damaging to students and must end .
According to Rodideal , `` The negative effects of the Internet and digital technology are real and are already affecting children . ''
This proves that students are being affected by having too much time on technology .
Because technology causes mental and physical issues , middle schools and high schools in the United States must limit students to only using technology for half of their class time .

Time on technology must be limited to half of a student 's class time in middle schools and high schools in the United States because too much time on technology causes depression , obesity , and physical , and mental issues .
While it is true that technology has negative effects if used too long it might be beneficial for teachers to have more time with technology so that they can teach more through the internet or show pictures with the internet .
However , time on technology should still be limited because it is important that students do not suffer from depression social issues and obesity .
Therefore , students in middle schools and high schools in the United States must be limited to using technology for half of their class time .

