Michigan Health Classes

According to Michael J. Wieting , there are an estimated 9 million obese children across the globe .
Obese children 's learning is affected through memory and self esteem which affects everyday classes .

Michigan must be required to teach health classes that include nutrition due to the negative impact on obese children 's learning .
Obesity can also affect children 's academic learning in a class such as mathematics , language and literature , or science .

When teachers complain about children 's bad grades and say they need more classes on that subject , honestly they need a class that will teach them how to live a healthy lifestyle or a gym teacher to keep them in shape .
According to Weight Loss Resources , new research has shown that obesity does n't just affect health , but also academic performance .
If Michigan does n't help the future generations now , they may not be who our state needs them to be in the future .

Because we did n't teach them how to live a healthy lifestyle as a child . Obesity is not only a problem in middle school and high school , but likewise in elementary school .
Obesity is associated with academic performances as early as kindergarten states Amanda Gardner .
Obese children as young as kindergarten go to school and struggle with reading , writing , and math .
If Michigan ca n't teach a health class they might as well not teach at all .
Therefore it is vital that we teach a health class to our future generation .

Obese children 's self - esteem is harmed , and that affects school life .
Obese children go to school everyday and get mocked , bullied , and teased , which causes children to think about other insecurities than their school work .
According to research , obese children do n't want to go to gym classes or sports practices because they feel they are in a vulnerable setting to be bullied ( Weight - Based Teasing and Bullying in Children ) .
Children do n't even want to go to entertaining activities because of their weight .
Obese children also have a troublesome time making friends and not having anyone to talk to .


Healthy Schools states that former friends of obese children do n't talk to the child anymore , they have trouble making friends and often feel left out .
These children have an especially difficult time making friends and therefore have a very difficult time in school .
Not only does self - esteem affect obese children 's learning , but obesity can affect your memory too .
Certain body parts are affected by obesity , for example the systemic inflammation a chronic overreaction of the body 's immune system .
Being overweight can contribute to inflammation through the whole body , the higher the BMI the more your inflammation goes up ( How Being Overweight May Affect You Memory ) .




Being obese as a child may affect the child 's life long memory .
In society today , scientists have created a memory test for children .
New research has shown that obese children 's memory test scores are lower than the average child ( Home PMC NCBI ) .
Since obesity starts at such a young age , memory in young children is starting to fail too .
A simple health class may improve the lives of so many young children .

The state of Michigan must be required to teach a health class on nutrition , due to high numbers of obese children and their learning struggles .
Some people say that our schools can not afford to teach another class or have the resources for a classroom .
our schools can not afford to teach another class or have the resources for a classroom .

But what is more important our classrooms or our future generation ?
The state of Michigan needs to teach our current generation , and the next generation ahead the importance of keeping our bodies healthy .





