Create Your Title

Independence , self - reliance , freedom all things ' society wants without a clue on how to achieve it .
In the movie , Into the Wild , directed by Sean Penn , tells the true story of a man named Chris McCandless and his journeys in the regions of Alaska .
Throughout the movie Sean Penn shows people many lessons that society should learn .
Lessons like self - reliance and Its adverse effects , how to win friends and influence people , and that true happiness is something shared with others .
In the Movie Into the Wild .
It shows us that society need interactions , that they are social creatures , and having someone to lock eyes with , even if it 's just a stranger , can bring out that much more of happiness in individuals .

The first lesson learned from the movie Into the Wild , is self - reliance and its adverse effects that it could have .
Director Sean Penn shows Chris selling all of his belongings and donating his money to the less fortunate ( Into the Wild ) .
Chris eventually abandons everything and everyone to pursue his dream of being free in the wild .
Penn is trying to show society that Chris 's journey is one of self discovery and rejuvenation from a recent college graduate to a young man who wanted more than what life was giving him at the time .
Chris was influenced by some of his favorite authors like Jack London , Walt Whitman and , David Thoreau ( Into the Wild ) .
Their philosophy promoted self - reliance , intuition , and independence .
Chris becoming so self - reliant allowed him the ability to do things and make decisions by himself , without needing help from others .
However , Chris 's down fall and which lead to his death .
Society can learn from Chris and that self - reliance is great at times but also relying on others can help individuals grow .

The second lesson learned through the movie Into the Wild , was how to win friends and influence people .
Director Sean Penn shows how important this is while Chris was in town for food and water .
Chris ends up meeting Ronald Franz , Franz tries to convince McCandless to leave the camp , which he believes is a bad influence , Chris replies by saying .
You do n't need to worry about me .
I have a college education , I ' m not destitute , I ' m living like this by choice ( Into the Wild ) .
Here Penn is trying to show society how important it is to understand that Chris fled society not because he could n't get along with others , but because he chose to be alone .
Another way that Penn shows how to win friends and influence people was when Chris convinced Franz to live a life without a plan to roam free move around , be nomadic and make each day a new horizon ( Into the Wild ) .
Through Chris 's experience with Franz it shows a great example of how when people open up to strangers they are able to grow and impacted one 's life in profound ways .

The final lesson learned from the movie Into the Wild , is that true happiness is shared with others .
Chris lives by hunting , reading book , and writing his adventures .
There were moments showing his happiness while in the wild .
One was when he killed the mother deer ( Penn , Into the Wild ) .
He seemed to recognize the importance of being able to share his happiness of killing the deer with someone .
Penn is trying to show Society that surviving a day on your own by hunting can give you the opportunity of happiness .
But the hope of being able to share the moment with others is what makes moments worthwhile .
In Chris 's final moments he pictures his parents , being reunited with him .
His face filled with joy as he dies .
Here at this moment .
Chris starts to realize that true solitude can not lead to true happiness .
It 's not possible .
One can be the person who found the true meaning to life and happiness , but he wo n't stay that way for long if he does n't share it .

In the Movie Into the Wild .
It shows us that society need interactions , that they are social creatures , and having someone to lock eyes with , even if it 's just a stranger , can bring out that much more of happiness in individuals .
The lesson learned from the movie Into the Wild , is self - reliance and its adverse effects that it could have .

How to win friends and influence people .

Is that true happiness is shared with others .

Conclusions ?

Works Cited .

Into the Wild . Sean Penn , Emile Hirsch . 2007 .