Technology Does Not Improve Our lives

Technology does not improve our lives , and it 's negative effects in the future could lead to serious problems .

People tend to forget the importance of their surroundings .
Everyone is always just walking right past something that looks so small , but is really important .
No one stops to process information anymore to determine its significance or importance .
No one appreciates the value of personal interaction or nature .
As it states in the blog post The black Hole of Technology by Leena Khan .
For example , someone could be in disneyland , an ancient place , a funeral , and all they do is just stay on their phones , instead of enjoying and admiring where they are .

Technology can also cause emotional problems .
Like depression , online bullying , and damage a person 's self - image .
These kinds of things could ruin a person 's life .
but instead of stopping and doing something about everyone just laughs and thinks that it is funny .
` When friends upload unflattering photos and post mean comments , it can seriously damage a person 's self - image as it states in the launch text That 's Not Progress for instance , if someone had posted a private photo of someone on social media , and that person just got out of surgery , or has issues with their , that person would be mad if every so this picture .
Then this is when online bullying starts , then depression , until you know it this person has committed suicide .
All because of this one photo .

Not all people agree with this claim .
Some people feel it helps with their everyday schedule .
Like how it can help you determine when a bus , cab or even an ober .
As it states in the launch text That 's Not Progress , social media is a tool ; it can not in and of itself cause mental illness .
Because of this many people think that , humans had problems before computers came into being .

Maybe , in the future , people will finally learn how to take care of technology responsibly .
But until then , technology will always have negative effects . .

Technology is supposed to make life easier , not harder .
As long as people continue to stay on technology , everyday all day , they will eventually lose their focus on what is important in life , no matter what path they choose to follow .
We can make life easier , by not using technology everyday , and going to a park with you 're family where you can play games like , tag , hide and go seek , and racing .
Or going out to eat where everyone is not on their phones .
these little things will help in very big ways .
but it all depends on you .