The television turns on the whole family is watching the screen .
Its flashing pictures of people shouting about what needs to happen with our government .
The parents turn off the tv and start talking to the children about the events that are happening in our government .
Parents must be able to teach politics to their children because it might change their opinions it might make children more aware on what 's going on in the gov . It might make children get more involved in politics .
Parents must be able to teach their children politics .

Some people might think that it is wrong to teach your children politics because it might change their opinions negatively but it just informs them on what going on Parents teaching their children politics might affect their opinions about what is happening in the government .
Parents do not usually tell their children what is happening in the world because they think it will have a negative effect on them .
Telling your children what is happening will not have a negative effect on they it will make them more informed so the do not have to worry .
It is widely believed that children will imitate their parents behaviors and attitudes .
So when their parents are talking about their opinions about politics the children might agree with whatever they 're parents say .
The children might not comprehend what the parents are saying and might think the opposite .
( Explaining the News to Our Kids ) .
Children sometime ask their parents what is happening in the world but the parents might not tell the truth 100 % .
The children need the full truth for them not to worry about the future .
More often than not , political affiliation runs in the family — for a while , at least .
Teenagers have a reputation for rebellion , but when it comes to politics , their beliefs are strongly affected by what their parents think : Even before they 're old enough to vote .
This means that if a parent say something bad about a representative in the government the child might agree with the parents opinion ( What Shapes Your Political Beliefs at 18 , 35 , and 50 ) .
Parents opinions mean a lot to a child 's mind they change the way some children look at the world .
Parents are the way children learn what is right and wrong through their opinions .

If parents tell their children more about what is happening in our government the children will feel more aware on what is going on and feel more safe and secure .
If a child is more informed on what 's is happening they could make a change to any problem that they might think is happening .
If it bleeds , it leads .
The old newsroom adage about milking stories for sensationalism seems truer than ever today .
And with technology doing the heavy lifting -- sending updates , tweets , posts , and breaking news alerts directly to our kids ' phones -- we parents are often playing catch - up .
Whether it 's wall - to - wall coverage of the latest natural disaster , a horrific mass shooting , a suicide broadcast on social media , or a violent political rally , it 's nearly impossible to keep the news at bay until you 're able to figure out what to say ( Explaining the News to Our Kids . )
.
This is why parent must imorfm their children fully about what is happening in the government or any other political topic .
Parents are worried that if they get their children involved in politics that they will be shamed upon from other parents thinking that it is wrong .
Like a lot of Americans , watching the events of this current election cycle unfold has , on numerous occasions , left me shaking my head .
Dirty politics are nothing new , of course ; but this election seems , at times , to be downright unclean .
As a parent of three children — Elias , 7 ; Adeline , 4 ; and Ezra , 15 months — I spent the early part of this current primary season trying to shelter my kids from as much of this election as possible .
And at the time , I not only thought I was doing a good job of shielding them from the political drama , I believed I was doing the right thing , too ( 5 Reasons Why You Should Be Talking to Your Kid about Politics This Year ) .
This means that if you do not tell you children 100 % of what is happening they are going to find out and be more aware of the situations .

Children need to be more involved in politics so they can understand what is happening .
They have the right to know what is going on in our political system .
Students getting involved in politics means a more active life as adults .
Students who care about their government at younger ages translate that into a lifelong commitment to changing their world .
More people involved in politics leads to better government when better leaders are elected at local , state and federal levels ( Should Students Get Involved in Politics ) .
What this mean is that if you do n't get your children more involved in politics they are going to worry more and feel more unaware .
Children have the right to be talking and figuring out ways to solve the problems with the government just the same as adults .
Yes kids should have a say in politics because they learn as much as adults do from watching TV and now being on social media they learn the concepts of politics .
I personally think kids should a say in all types of politics because they are smart and they are very reliable to ( Should Children Have a Role in Politics ) .
This mean that children should be talking and solving the problems of the government .
So that they have a role in helping all the problems .

Getting your children more involved with politics may help them in the long run .
Some people may say ithat it is wrong to teach your children about politics because it might make them think bad thing about the government .
Many parents say that politics is just adult topic and children will learn about it when they are older .
Anyways politics are probably not interesting enough for the children .
But that does n't mean you can not tell children about what is happening in our government system .
The children deserve to know what is happening in our world .
Many people say that children do n't have the mindset to interpret the information that is given to them .
But they are wrong many children are making many changes to our government .
Children should be able to be taught politics by their parents any what they want .
