Soldiers Coming Home and Being Criticized

Soldiers are being criticized for doing their job fighting for our country .
They have been fighting for our freedom , in other countries far away from their families .
If anything , they should have more respect , and be thanked for all they have done .
Some do not have families to come home to , so they should be taken into a type of camp where they are fed and taken care of instead of being dumped onto the streets , homeless , alone .
The veterans that have to go to war must not be criticized , especially for doing their job .

They have kept the country strong and full of pride , giving us a good strong government that listens to what the people want .
Take Cody Anderson 's essay for instance , he does an amazing job explaining how we would have lost many very important wars that have affected our country greatly ( ` Why American Veterans Should Be Honored ' in Essay Contest . )
The veterans are very brave for putting their lives in danger for our rights , freedom , and equality .
We would most likely be nowhere as a country without them , and/or not a country ( Storm Lake Pilot Tribune )
They fought so we do n't have to worry about our family members going to work or school , and not returning home .

The military is the biggest group of international ambassadors and their primary mission is to protect our country and the people in it .
` ` They must not be criticized for doing their jobs , even if it means they have to use weapons to do it ( Storm Lake Tribune ) .
The military does not only go to war , ` ` they do rescue operations , medical operations , food and humanitarian relief , natural disaster relief , law enforcement , and many other things .
( Member 30298028 ) .
The military 's primary mission is to protect the country from any harm that another country might do .

The soldiers are doing what they 're told for the military therefore they must not be criticized for doing what our government is telling them to do .
` ` More than 5,200 active duty troops are limited at the U.S. border for what they can do in law enforcement on American soil .
( Phoenix )
If the soldiers and active troops are limited to what they can do then why are they even being sent out to the border ?
` ` Insead , their role at the border will largely mirror that of the existing National Guard troops , about 2,000 soldiers all together have been deployed to the border .
( Phoenix ) .
Once again they are doing what they are told , protecting our country .

Soldiers are doing their job fighting for our country .
They are fighting for our freedom .
They have kept our country strong and full of pride .
Their primary mission is to protect our country and the people in it .
Yet they are killing other people .
But , most other countries that we have gone to war with have done other terrible things to our people .
Think of Pearl Harbour , the whole cause of that was the fact that the japanese wanted us in world war II .
why do we have wars ?
Why ca n't there be world peace , and why are veterans being criticized for doing their jobs ?

