Marijuana legalization

In Michigan we have legalized marijuana for recreational use , this is hurting our state and we must reverse this legalization .
Unless we reverse this problem , people are going to continue to use marijuana and cause issues .
Therefore if nothing is done than this problem , will continue to cause injuries and unfortunate health effects .
Marijuana can cause problems in people that do n't even use it .
Breathing in marijuana smoke may harm someone .
Marijuana can cause harm to human health .
Too many terrible effects happen because of marijuana .
The unfortunate effects of using marijuana far weigh out the positive , Michigan must reverse the huge problem they have caused by legalizing it .

Many accidents can happen if citizens have marijuana in their hands .
Accidents are more common in states that have legalized marijuana .
They found that over that time period , collisions claim frequencies in the states that had legalized marijuana were about 3 percent higher than would have been anticipated without legalization ( Ingraham ) .
Three percent is a ton of people and some of those people ended up injured , because of marijuana .
Another problem is people dying from car accidents because of a marijuana user .
A study found that nearly 30 percent of fatally injured drivers tested positive for drugs other than alcohol , with marijuana being the main culprit .
( Jaslow )
Since marijuana has become legalized , we have been simply killing off some of our population .
Therefore , Michigan has created a giant problem .

Marijuana also has many health effects that may hurt someone .
Marijuana users may experience mental problems due to marijuana .
Marijuana users are significantly more likely than nonusers to develop temporary psychosis ( not knowing what is real , hallucinations and paranoia ) ( Health Effects | Marijuana | CDC ) .
Having a higher risk of experiencing hallucinations and paranoia is serious .
Although experiencing psychosis is terrible , that is not the horrible health problem it can cause .
Some side effects of using marijuana is trouble thinking , learning and remembering ( FAQs : Health Effects Of Marijuana )
If people have trouble learning , or remembering then life is going to become significantly harder for those people .
Michigan needs to reconsider this problem they have caused .

Second hand smoke from marijuana can be harmful .
Some children are affected by smoke from marijuana .
People do know that marijuana smoke can especially affect children and people with asthma ( National Institute on Drug Abuse ) .
Inflicting asthma is not all right since asthma can be deadly .
Another problem is marijuana smoke contains unwanted toxins .
Secondhand marijuana smoke contains many of the same cancer - causing substances and toxic chemicals as secondhand tobacco smoke ( Secondhand Marijuana Smoke Fact Sheet ) .
Unless we do something about this , marijuana smoke is going to continue to give people cancer .
Michigan must turn this legalization around before it does more harm than it already has .

Michigan has caused a huge problem by legalizing marijuana , the negatives of marijuana drastically way out the positives therefore they must reverse the legalization .
Some people conclude that marijuana is excellent because it can relieve chronic pain .
Although this is true , the reality is that marijuana can cause car accidents , and can cause numerous health effects therefore should be banned .
The side effects of marijuana are not reasonable .
Marijuana can cause mental problems for an example hallucinations .
Secondhand smoke from marijuana can hurt children .
States with marijuana legalized have more deaths .
Michigan must stop this legalization before it causes more deaths , and leaves more people with mental health issues .

