Order and Obedience : What does it lead to ?

The Holocaust was a genocide that killed six million Jews and wiped out two - thirds of the Jewish population of Europe .
Millions of Jews were taken into concentration camps , where many of them died .
While few were able to escape and tell their story to the world .
Elie Wiesel is an exception did so through writing the book Night .
The main character Eliezer experiences how quickly people change when given power and their shift in mentality with this power .
The Nazi soldiers would aimlessly demand the Jews to do unthinkable tasks .
These task they were forced to do affected them mentally and physically .
Comparatively , in the Stanford Prison Experiment when the guards were put in a position of power and had the capability of punishing others , they took pride in doing so and despite their glaring similarities , declared themselves of having more power than the prisoners .
The Holocaust teaches people they should not obey the command of those in power , because the people who are deemed inferior are then stripped of their identity and morality .
Everyone should have the power to decide their own course of action .

Many people believe it is indispensable to follow the order of an authoritative figure .
However , it should never be to a point where they are unable to keep their individuality .
On page 42 , Eliezer 's personal identity was taken away from him which led him to say I became A-7713 .
From then on , I had no name .
The prisoners blindly followed everything ; they never had an objection nor thought to talk back to the officers because for them it was no longer about staying true to themselves rather a means of survival .
The prisoners ' were dehumanitzed , and they were not considered people anymore .
Rules are meant to be followed but , they should never stop people from making certain decision or actions .
In page 35 , Eliezer said how Our clothes were to be thrown on the floor at the back of the barracks .
There was a pile there already .
New suits , old ones , torn overcoats , rags .
For us , it meant true equality ; nakedness .
They surrendered towards authority because they knew it was their only chance at survival .
However , they regained some sense of humanity only when they were removed of their clothes did they finally see the similarities between one another .
How they needed each other to survive .
When people see an authoritative figure , and they do not think twice about them or how it affects their morals and identity .
They instantly as the authority says disregarding their own morals and identity .

On the contrary , people believe they should sacrifice their morals with the fear their life .
During the Holocaust , the prisoners acquiesced to the higher ranking people because they were afraid of the unknown of consequences .
However , knew that if they were to disobeyed they would be castigated .
On page 62 , the Lageralteste declares prisoner number ...
is condemned to death .
Let this be a warning and an example to all the prisoners .
The prisoners were afraid to go against authority because they knew the punishment they would face .
Therefore , the prisoner began to watch their step and do everything with caution .
When a higher ranked officer gave an order everyone would immediately listen .
Control and order are important but no one should have the power to take away someone 's morals .
In the Stanford Prison Experiment , random people were given the role of a guard or prisoner , and they were not given any instructions .
Immediately the guards felt the sense of power they held over the prisoners , making the prisoners feel subordinate and stripping away their identity .
When the oppressors stripped the Jews of their humanity , which in return dehumanized them making it easier for those with the power to justify their means of violence towards the Jewish population .
In the Stanford Prison Experiment , one of the guards talks about how The prisoners were aroused from their sleep at any time and force them to do exercises .
( timestamp )
Once the guards felt a sense of power , they determined they had the sole power to do anything they wanted .
For this reason , people must not let the demands of authoritative figures become their actions if they go against their own morals and values no matter their position in society or the consequences that may follow .
Connect to thesis

Additionally , it is important to have order and obedience towards an authoritative figure , but people should not have the power to control every aspect of someone else 's life .
On page 73 , Eliezer explained how in the concentration camp the bell regulated everything .
It gave him orders , and he executed everything blindly .
In these concentration camps , the Jews Surroundings were what controlled them , and they did not have a choice in their course of action .
They just submitted themselves to the superiority of others .
In life no matter the situation , people will always have the power to step up but in most cases , they simply do nothing rather than face the consequences for standing up to what they believe in .
It is clear the higher ranked people in the camp always has a say in what they had to do .
No one should ever have the power to control every piece of someone 's life .
On page 57 , Eliezer saw what higher ranked people did they moved one hundred prisoners so that he could copulate with the girls .
These girls were forced to do against their own will .
Even though it was precarious to rebel against the higher ranked people and no one ever had the courage to step up .
Instead , they sat in silence and received odious treatment from the other people .
The submission to authority is one of the reasons that people allow themselves to have their morals taken away .

While it is critical to have order and obedience in society it should never make anyone feel fearful of losing their lives , making them unwilling to stand up for themselves .
It is dangerous for people to have too much power because as shown in the Holocaust and the Stanford Prison Experiment , that power is destructive to both themselves and to those around them .
However , in this world , most people do not know the difference between telling people what to do and controlling every part of someone 's life .
People relate authority with order , we are always taught to listen and respect the person the is of higher rank .
This is a reminder that we should never allow ourselves to give in to anyone and allow for our identity and morals to be taken .