High School Gaming

Gaming around the world has recently been gaining publicity .
It 's not just the games becoming popular , many people have been rising in popularity due to their skill .
Although it 's usually thought that video games are made for kids , adults have also been joining into .
The topic of gaming in high school has been a recent debate in many places .
Even though there is the debate , some high schools already have gaming leagues for their students .
It 's no surprise that there are also many other schools wanting to do this .
Global high school gaming leagues could be coming faster than anybody would have thought .
Young adults could make a career , teens could learn about school subjects while playing , and it helps improve the brains of some people .
This is why high school gaming leagues need to happen .

One of the craziest parts of gaming is that people get paid to play and could even start a career .
There are many colleges that support gaming and if people were to start in high school they might be inspired to play through their career or even for their career .
With universities such as New York University and the University of California , Irvine now offering scholarships for video games , the career trajectory for esports is more similar to traditional sports than it has ever been ( Jimenez ) .
With colleges offering scholarships if people were to play in high school they would have more reason to play in college .
One of the leagues that people play in is called Esports .
There are also colleges that support the people in this league .
Nearly 200 colleges in the U.S. and Canada actively recruit and offer scholarships for esports ( Eschman ) .
There are many colleges that help people that want to start their career of gaming .
High school gaming leagues would help people start careers and need to happen .

One of the biggest impacts that gaming has on players is that they are able to learn many topics .
Young adults would most likely want to actually do anything in class if games were used .
Though it 's still a budding movement scores of teachers nationwide are using games Angry Birds .
Minecraft .
SimCity and World of Warcraft to teach math , science , writing , teamwork , and even compassion ( Why You Should Be Using Video Games in the Classroom ) .
There are many games that are able to teach people subjects in school and even more than just that .
Not only do video games teach people they are also fun .
Video games made for younger people could help adults no matter the age .
We can teach children mathematical concepts if we are willing to believe playing Minecraft is both culturally acceptable and has a pedagogical impact ( How Video Games Will Save School ) .
People just need to accept that you are able to learn with games .
With games that can teach being made around the globe high school gaming leagues are a necessity .

Video games are very important for improvement of many thinking skills .
Games can teach the mind some of the most important skills that are needed .
The review show that video game players display improvements in several types of attention , including sustained attention and selective attention ( Nichols ) .
People in gaming leagues would be able to keep their focus easier than everyone else .
Keeping attention is very important , especially in places such as high school .
Games could also help many people that need it most .
Recent studies completed by several noted research and scientific organizations have proven that playing video games could help improve the quality of life for mentally ill ( Vince ) .
People that need it most would be able to play and help them feel happier .
With it helping improve the lives of people , high school gaming leagues must spread .

High school gaming leagues is something that must happen .
Many adults say that kids get addicted , bet that 's when they need to step in and stop them from playing .
Young adults still growing up will be able to start careers from playing games .
In school subjects could be taught through gaming and making it competitive with leagues .
There are people that need to be helped and video games could solve that .
The subject of video game leagues is an often debated topic that is always going to be argued about .
No matter what , video games will help .
With the range of people playing today high school gaming is needed .

Works cited

Eschman , Todd .
Is Playing Video Games a Sport ?
The IHSA Is Thinking about Making It One in Illinois .
Bnd , Belleville News - Democrat , 12 Dec. 2018 , www.bnd.com/sports/high-school/article222997320.html .

How Video Games Will Save School .
Modern Learners , 16 Apr. 2015 , modernlearners.com/how-video-games-will-save-school/ .

Jimenez , Omar .
Video Games Are Now a Legitimate High School Sport .
CNN , Cable News Network , 19 Mar. 2019 , www.cnn.com/2019/03/18/tech/esports-varsity-arena/index.html .

Nichols , Hannah .
How Video Games Affect the Brain .
Medical News Today , MediLexicon International , 10 July 2017 , www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/318345.php .

Vince , et al , Video Games Are Good For You , Brain and Body | Why They Are Beneficial .
ID Tech , Vince Vince Has Worked as a Camp Director for ID Tech .
Previously , He Spent over 20 Years in the Video Game Industry , Working for Companies like Sony , Microsoft and Disney .
Vince Has His Nerd Card Fully Stamped , with His Favorite Stamps Including : Pokémon , D & D , Comic Books and of Course , Video Games . , www.idtech.com/blog/video-games-are-good-for-you .

Why You Should Be Using Video Games in the Classroom .
Why You Should Be Using Video Games in the Classroom | STEM Fuse , stemfuse.com/blog/why-you-should-be-using-video-games-classroom .