What 's wrong with the average American diet ?

The average American diet is slowly destroying the American society .
Doctors are having more and more clients with diseases including obesity , diabetes , heart disease and many more due to the sugar intake and unhealthy diet .
According to the American Heart Association , the maximum amount of sugar that is recommended to be okay is 150 calories and 37.5 grams of sugar a day for men and 100 calories and 25 grams for women .
This evidence will prove why the average American diet is so harmful for the body and why it 's slowly destroying our society .
The American diet is slowly killing us .

One of the main problems with the average diet is that Americans consume too much of what our body does n't need and not enough of what our body really needs to contain a healthy state .
Liana Haywood wrote an article , Too Much or Too Little , in this she states , We consume too much salt , fat , sugar , and calories and too little nutrients from fresh whole fruits and vegetables .
Not only are we not getting enough natural nutrients , the American diet has gotten so much worse in the past 50 years .
Haywood also states , We 're also consuming around 500 additional calories per day than we did 40 years ago according to the USDA .
If we do n't start focusing on the way we eat , it could destroy the American culture , not just the society .
Cases mainly of diabetes and obesity will be surfacing more and more if we do n't act now .

Another reason the American diet is so bad for you are the dangerous diseases that come from eating that way .
The results of so much sugar intake and a unhealthy diet are diseases like obesity and diabetes .
The American diet is loaded with sugar .
Obesity is a huge problem in America .
According to the article , The Sad Consequences of the American Diet , atkins .
com states 64.5 % of all Americans are either overweight or obese .
Even without charts and statistics , all you have to do is look around to see that we are an overweight nation .
Stanford Health Care tells us , If you eat a diet in which a high percentage of calories come from sugary , high - fat , refined foods , chances are you 'll gain weight .
Sugar , high - fat and refined foods , are exactly what the American diet is made up of .

Due to the way most Americans eat , most of our country would be considered obese .
Haywood tells us in her article , What 's wrong with the American diet ? on betterthefuture .
com , More than two - thirds of Americans are considered overweight or obese , with some states , including , Arkansas , Mississippi and West Virginia reporting more than 35 percent of their populations as obese .
Along with the rise in obesity , we ' ve seen a steady rise in diabetes over the past 20 years , with 1 in 8 U.S. adults now diagnosed with diabetes .
Since more than 60 percent of diabetics will die of heart disease All over America obesity is getting worse and worse .
It 's bad enough that it is not being stopped .
People are not realizing that would they put into their bodies is affecting them severely .

I have a personal experience with eating poorly .
I ate the same way the average American eats .
It completely messed up my body .
I was gaining more weight I was n't feeling good .
So them my family , decided to cut out all sugar and refined carbs .
And our bodies completely changed drastically .
And I did n't take everything away all at once I did it little by little .
And it was a game changer .
I feel so happy when I eat healthy .
I just feel so good eating in a way that actually makes me feel good after words .

The American diet is destroying the American culture .
Fifty years ago we were eating so differently .
We do not eat enough of what our bodies really need .
We eat so much junk food that is destroying our bodies .
Americans do n't focus on what we eat and how it affects our bodies .
America needs to start realizing that our diet is destroying our society .
Obesity is just going to get worse and worse .
New and more diseases are coming up .
Children are getting diagnosed with diabetes so young as eight to sixteen months , say doctors .
Our diet is basically killing us .
We are putting processed foods and garbage into to our bodies just to enjoy the savory tastes without caring about what is happening on the inside .
We need to act now .
If we do n't America will slowly drop its population just because of what we are putting into our bodies .

