Military Power In Our Society

The military does a lot more in our society than people realize .
In our country for most people you wake up on a normal day and usually go to school , work , or do something else with their day feeling safe and not threatened .
Our military is here to keep us safe from other countries and people are taught to idolize people in the military and respect them .
People never really think about what our military is doing outside of the country and how much power they really have .
With our military being this powerful , one has to wonder if it has come to a point where the military has become to powerful .
The idea of a military becoming too powerful happens in the play of Julius Caesar .
The military becoming too powerful negatively affects money , how our country is run , and our daily lives .

The military already has a lot of control in our country , especially with money .
The government gives the military a budget of 590 billion dollars .
The amount of money that is put into the military seems like a lot , especially when the US does not have anyone attacking them , the United States is going to different countries .
The budget of the military has increased significantly since 9/11 .
In fact , in the five years from 2001 to 2006 the amount of money of awarded by the Department of Defence to the prime contractors more than doubled from $ 144 billion to $ 294 billion ( Gansler , pg 2 ) .
The amount of money from then till has increased a good amount , and the US has not gone through anything as tragic as 9/11 .
The US uses all this money for the military when the troops are not even in the US , they are all in different countries across the world .
The military need 's money , but the billions and billions of dollars put towards the military could be used for other things .
The US is a powerhouse and no countries are going to decide to attack it .
The technology takes up a lot of the cost with the military and dressing the average soldier is $ 17,500 when the troops are not even in the US .
If the military became too powerful they could affect our daily lives like they affect the people in the different countries .

People in the United States have a lot of freedoms compared to everywhere else , and we have a military to fight for our free , and everyone should be grateful for what they have in this country , but if the military were to powerful they could control us like they control like other people .
At dark sentinels were placed out on that and the road toward the west , whence invasion was apprehended ( Hallwas , pg 2 ) .
This shows that the military was affecting their daily lives with people not being able to out at night , them having guards around the town , and the guards have to shoot anyone that they see looks suspicious coming towards the town .
If the government wanted to control the people to make them not be able to do anything , the military is powerful enough to let it happen .
People would not be able to live out their daily lives , they would most likely organized so that the citizens could only go outside at certain times and you would be only doing things that benefit the government .
This would make a lot of people ignorant because they are under military control and with time this would change the country entirely .
You would only be working for the government , and they would be doing nothing for you .
This shows how with the military being to powerful that our country would be run different .

If the military was to powerful and ran the country things would be run a lot different in our society .
Our leaders , laws , and the way we get daily items could change , so call the field to rest , and let 's away , to part the glories of this happy day ( Shakespeare , Act 5 , Scene 5 ) .
In Julius Caesar , the great leader is murder who was running the empire very well , and after his death the first empire of Rome happens to be a military genius .
Octavius takes over all of Rome with his military and does it very easily .
If the government wanted the military to take over the US and control the people so much that do not have any freedoms they definitely could .
If the military took over , we would have different leaders , a lot of laws and things will change .
The military would run everything and you would have go through them to do everything , and the government would probably control more than they already do now .
They would control food , roads , and waterways , and keep everyone confined so they can do whatever they need , or want to do .
The military and the government run the country how they want to right now and have all the troops , so if they wanted to do what they do to other countries in the US , they could .

The military becoming too powerful negatively affects money , how our country is ran and our daily lives .
The military is obviously here to help our country and keep us safe and help us .
If they were too powerful and the government had their own attentions of taking control of the US they definitely could .
People do what they need to do each day , people do n't really think that the military could do anything to them that would affect them negatively .
The chances of the military becoming too powerful and overthrowing country could happen , but it'it is not going to happen , at least right now .
The way the country is run is how the government wants it to be , and The way the country is run is how the government wants it to be
If they wanted to they could use the powerful military to get complete control over the people and do whatever they want .