On July 30 , 1945 , at 12:14 a.m. a Japanese I-58 submarine fired 6 torpedoes at the Indianapolis , two of them hit .
Captain Charles B McVay should not have been charged for the sinking of the ship even though it was the Japanese .
This is because the Indianapolis had no safety boats , it should have monitored much closer by the military .
The Indianapolis should have had better and more lifeboats .
McVay was also a well - honored Captain with an incredible crew and would not have put those men through what they went through with the sharks .

The Indianapolis should have had better lifeboats and more to accommodate all the sailors .
Back in the forties military lifeboats were tiny and had no survival supplies .
According to Can a Boat be a Life Saver , Lifeboats are usually a small craft with a few minimal supplies , such as oars and life preservers .
What this means is that most lifeboats are equipped with basic survival measures .
The Indianapolis lifeboats had no oars in them and had open sides with a floor that the sailors could stand on , but offered almost no protection from the sharks .
All the life preservers came from the ship and not the lifeboats .
If these safety precautions had been taken with better lifeboats , more of the sailors might have been alive when they were picked up four days after the sinking .
Now better and larger capacity lifeboats are being developed .
According to The Royal Institution of Naval Architects , Schat - Harding has developed a 370 - person lifeboat .
This says that more people will now be able to be saved if a ship was to be sunk .
This states that if the Indianapolis had bigger lifeboats more people could have been saved and less would have died .
Therefore , the Indianapolis should have had larger lifeboats to help save more lives .
If not as many people had died it is possible the McVay would not have been charged as harshly .

The Indianapolis had no safety ships and was n't being monitored as closely as it should have been if it was holding the world 's first atomic weapons .
The Indianapolis was not a destroyer , so it was n't all that well armored .
According to The Tragic Fate of the USS Indianapolis , A heavy cruiser , the Indianapolis was not equipped with sonar and did n't normally carry depth charges .
This was the job of the crews of the destroyers - the submarine hunters .
What this means is that the Indianapolis did not have the equipment to find and destroy submarines and had to rely on destroyers to destroy them .
There were no destroyers there , so the ship was unprotected from subs .
McVay had no escort when crossing the Pacific .
According to USS Indianapolis CA-35 , Captain McVay 's request for a destroyer escort was denied despite the fact that no capital ship lacking anti - submarine detection equipment , such as the Indianapolis , had made this transit across the Philippine Sea without an escort during the entire war .
In other words , Captain McVay requested an escort but was denied access to one .
No other ships that were capital ships made the crossing of the Pacific without an escort .
Therefore , it is the government 's fault that the Indianapolis was sunk for if they had a destroyer the submarine would have probably been destroyed .

Captain McVay was a well - respected captain and would not have brought harm to his men .
Additionally , if the ship had an escort it probably never would have sunk .
The Navy had known there were submarines in the path , but never told McVay .
According to USS Indianapolis CA-35 , U.S. intelligence using a top - secret operation labeled ULTRA had broken the Japanese code and was aware that two Japanese submarines , including the I-58 , were operating in the path of the Indianapolis .
This information was classified and not made available to either the court - martial board or to Captain McVay 's defense counsel .
It did not become known until the early 1990s that - despite knowledge of the danger in its path - naval authorities at Guam had sent the Indianapolis into harm 's way without any warning , refusing her captain 's request for a destroyer escort , and leading him to believe his route was safe , What this means is that during McVay 's Court - martialing and before he left to meet the Idaho , Naval Intelligence in Guam knew that there were submarines in the path of the Indianapolis and did n't tell McVay .
Originally people wanted only McVay to be reprimanded but it turned into a court - martial .
According to The Legacy of USS Indianapolis , Its recommendation was that Captain McVay be court - martialed for hazarding his vessel by failure to zigzag , but Admiral Chester Nimitz disagreed and instead issued the captain a letter of reprimand .
Admiral Ernest King later overturned Nimitz 's decision and recommended a court - martial , which Secretary of the Navy Forrestal later convened .
What this means is that Admiral Nimitz only wanted to reprimand him for not zig - zagging but then Admiral King overturned that and wanted a court - martialing which was later convened .
If Captain McVay had been told that submarines had been detected he would possibly have been able to avoid them and keep his crew alive .

Captain Charles B. McVay should not have been charged for the deaths and the sinking of the Indianapolis .
Some people think that McVay should have been charged because he was not doing the zigzag pattern he was supposed to be doing .
That is wrong because the military knew that the submarines were there and that McVay was denied a destroyer escort .
Also , we know that it was a Japanese sub that sunk it not McVay .
McVay was a scapegoat and the military caused him to live with the thoughts that he killed his crew and pushed him into such despair that he killed himself .
The military should never cause something like this again .

