Should Students Have a Greater Say in What They Learn ?
I ' m waiting .
You had been daydreaming while your teacher rambled on and on about something you may have not wanted to learn , and now you have to answer a question on this topic .
Do n't worry this is n't just you .
Many Students feel essentially powerless as the teacher tries to teach them something they do n't want to learn .
This problem of students having no power pain cause students to feel disengaged the welfare of students also greatly affected most children also feel got some stuff they learn is not practically used in real life this can cause students to misbehave me and missed opportunities .
I believe that students should have a greater say in what they learn so they will be more engaged , learn something useful and have an overall better well - being .

Let 's start off with how engagements really are when the teacher is talking .
Professor Russell Quaglia is the founder of the Quaglia Institute for student aspirations , unfair that your voice is very important and a valuable piece of information .
according to an article on KQED . Org Bike Holly Krobey : `` How can students have more of a say in school decisions ? ''
Quaglia surveyed 66314 K - 12 grade kids .
He says , `` 2 things jump out at me : were missing about you have our students .
Half the students are engaged and have a sense of self - worth .
The other half is n't dropping out but they do n't feel a part of anything either . ''
This shows that half of our students are n't really learning to their full potential . . .
The survey also provides that when students feel worthwhile , they are five times more likely to feel more motivated toward academics .
Students who already feel engaged are 18 times more likely to be motivated .
To give this feeling of self - worth , students should feel respected and have a sense of control over what they are doing .
Pernille Ripp is a teacher in the Oregon School District of Wisconsin and also noticed her students were also being slightly disengaged .
In her article `` Why are they disengaged ?
My students told me why . ''
She stated that they feel as if they have no power .
`` When students feel powerless in our rooms , most become disengaged . ''
Teachers and administrators control students so much they feel powerless .
If students were to have a little more power and control over what they learned , they would be greatly engaged .
Obviously , students feel disengaged when they are powerless and have no self - worth but how does this affect their success in real life ?

Millions of students worldwide feel that in reality , many things they learn are completely pointless .
Laura Warner from timeshighereducation . com who studied geography at UCL and is now doing a teacher training course states , `` I wholly advocate such flexibility , which allows students to tailor a general cause to their individual passions and gives them an opportunity to take increased responsibility in their own learning . ''
This proves that if teachers keep on controlling what their students are learning , students may never learn what they want to learn or never learn anything useful .
Basically , they are learning useless stuff .
On britishcouncil . org Aleksandra Vujko writes about how cultural , economic , and societal change creates a need for different approaches to education .
She states that students need to learn stuff that `` relates to experience ideals invitations values creative thinking emotions skills attitudes . ''
Clearly , students do n't only need to learn,  math , ELA , science , and social studies .
They should learn things that are practical for them in real life .
Students are n't learning practical stuff , and this will affect their real - life success , right ?
Yes , but that 's not all , this could also affect their mental well - being .

Although many may argue that students can just take a side class outside of school , this idea is flawed because evidence shows that student well - being in school is really what affects their health in the long term .
According to kidsmatter . edu . au written by students from around the world , `` making students time at school enjoyable and worthwhile supports their well - being . ''
Even students agree that what is happening at school is directly connected to their mental and physical wellness .
They need a good healthy lifestyle and wellbeing .
Assets . publishing . service . gov.uk supports this by stating that `` Studies have documented a positive association between school enjoyment and academic progression . ''
Clearly students have to enjoy school to learn something .
This can only happen if the student wants to learn that topic , and that 's why students should have a say in what they learn .
Students need to actually enjoy school .
No academic progression could lead to stress and health problems which will affect a child 's well - being directly .

Students should have a greater say in what they learn so they will be more engaged and learn practical stuff and have good health and lifestyle .
Students should actually know what the teacher is saying and their engagement in the topic .
They should learn something that they will actually use in real life .
This should happen while maintaining a good healthy lifestyle and well - being .
Principals and teachers need to make students a factor , their schools will perform better across the board .