Should Parents Limit Screen Time for Children ?

Instagram , Snapchat , Youtube and Fruit Ninja , sound familiar ?
These are all popular apps many people love on their phone , many think that these games are all fun , but there is also a bad side to them that many people do n't see .
Parents need to limit screen time for children because it cause depression and anxiety , a disconnection from nature , and puts them at risk for obesity and unhealthy eating habits .

Children who have unlimited screen time or obsessive amounts of screen time are more likely to have depression and or anxiety .
As stated by Michael Price , Researchers have returned to data and looked for a correlation between screen time and depressive symptoms .
They found that 48 percent of teens who spent five or more hours per day on electronic devices reported at least one suicide - related outcome , while only twenty eight percent of those teens spent an hour or less on their phones .
Parents should be limiting screen time from their children especially since it is highly correlated with depression and anxiety , especially now that children are getting phones at younger ages .
Children who are not used to limited time on their phones may experience withdrawal symptoms or anxiety where they are without their phones .
Problematic smartphone use - compulsive or excessive - could worsen symptoms of anxiety and depression .
Research has found that some individuals experience intense anxiety when separated from their phones , and some even exhibit withdrawal - like symptoms if they ca n't check their device .
Given these findings , it is possible that certain forms of smartphone use could cause or worsen symptoms of mental illness , ( Hunley ) .
Children and teens are most likely experiencing anxiety at a younger age compared to many decades ago .
Overall , parents should be limiting children 's screen time .

With new phones coming out every year and many people obsessed with technology it is hard to not get drawn in , getting drawn into technology can cause many things .
One thing that technology may cause is nature disconnection .
As stated by Jill Suttie , Today , children and adults who work and learn in a dominantly digital environment expend enormous energy blocking out many of the human senses in order to focus narrowly on the screen in front of the eyes .
Children and adults becoming obsessed with technology has caused nature disconnection because technology has become such a distraction and rewires our brains .
Technology is n't the only reason why nature disconnection has occurred but it is the main reason , In addition to the lure of technology , the study said that people are spending less time in nature because places where they work , live , and go to school generally do not encourage contact with the natural world and because myriad competing priorities and activities push experiences in nature to the side .
The study showed that minority groups and young adults faced more barriers to getting into nature than other groups , ( E360 Digest ) .
Many places such as work , school , and play are do not encourage outside activities as much because technology has taking over and outside work and school have been less encouraged .
As technology has advanced many people have believe that it has enriched learning and working .

The current generation in school has been the guinea pigs to everything that has been experimented in technology .
According to Deon Price , Compared to children of the 1970s , this generation has three times more obese children according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , climbing from 5 percent to 15.5 percent in ages 12 - 19 .
The Pediatric Nutrition Surveillance reveals that the Bay Area has the highest rate of overweight children and youth in California .
The percentage of overweight and obese children has been going up and will continue to go up as technology advances .
As more and hours pile up many children are more likely to have anxiety and depression .
Research shows that children who spend more than three hours either watching television or browsing online are twice as likely to be obese than those who spend less than two hours in front of a screen .
This means that they will be exposed to less advertising as well as encouraging a more active lifestyle , ( Savvy ) .
As the number of screen time hours goes up it is very common that the develop unhealthy eating habits and become overweight due to more hours on the screen .

Although parents should limit screen time there is also another side of the story because in school , technology is very important .
As stated by Scott Steinberg , Studies show that a curriculum involving digital media can improve early literacy skills .
Participating four and five year olds enjoyed boosts in letter recognition , sound association with letters , and understanding basic concepts about stories and print .
Even though technology is used in education it can still be terrible for children .
If students are starting to early with technology , there is a greater risk of children getting in trouble in school with technology and with weight and unhealthy eating .
The researchers found that kids who spent more time in front of a screen -- whether it was a computer , TV or video game -- snacked more often and ate fewer healthy snacks than children who used technology less frequently .
Another study , published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in 2014 , concluded that the type of program also influences snacking , ( Paula ) .
With schools using technology many schoolchildren can become overweight or obese , even if they are only using it just for educational uses .

Parents should be limiting children 's screen time for many reasons .
People who do not limit screen time can an increased chance of unhealthy eating , depression and anxiety , and a disconnection from nature .
Parents should be limiting screen time for these reasons and many more because it is important as technology is still evolving .

