Four day school weeks The four school weeks save schools money , but they also can create serious side effects going from the cost to families needing to spending extra money on a babysitter .
The bad thing is for kids whose most reliable meals come from school , a shortened school week can mean going hungry .
Four day school weeks are not beneficial because studies show that makes it more stressful to get all their work done without having that extra day .
Parents may have to change their schedule and might cause less money to be made .
So if you have that extra day which is the five day school week happens the kids will be at school getting their education , while the parents are work making money and not having to change schedules .
In the article Four - day school weeks could leave thousands of Oklahoma kids hungry it says Unfortunately , when schools cut back to four - day weeks , many parents ' paychecks ca n't be stretched to provide their kids two or more additional meals per week ( Putnam np ) .
If the parents ca n't change or take off of work parents may have to find a babysitter which costs more money because if parents have five - year - olds they ca n't just leave them at home .
The parents may be making less money if the change happens and might not have enough money for food on the day they are out .

Some kids may not get enough or any food over those three days they are out .
It says in the article prosperity policy : four - day school week leaves moe kids hungry Perhaps the most troubling consequence is that children whose only reliable meals most days at school could be going hungry ( Blatt 1 ) .
Schools should send home backs packs of food that could last them through the weekend .
In the same article its says in the 2014 - 2015 school year , 58 % percent of Oklahoma students who ate a free or reduced - price lunch ate a free or reduced - price breakfast to ( Blatt 2 ) .
This means that parents are also going to be making less money with having to change there schedule on top of already not making enough money , therefore , causing there getting enough food on those three days they are not in school .

With four day school week teachers have a lesser amount of time to plan for their lessons done .
But the four day school week could have a dow