PTSD

Have americans ever thought about what the soldiers feel like when they come back from war the things they must see the hardships they must have gone through and how hard it must be for them to adjust to normal life that is PTSD .
All veterans with PTSD need help mentally physically and financially

Veterans need help getting jobs because PTSD makes it hard for veterans to get jobs .
The quote is about the struggles of veterans .
More than half of veterans struggle to find work in their desired fields after leaving the military because civilian employers want experienced and educated candidates and often do n't realize veterans qualify .
This quote is about the employers not wanting to hire veterans because they do n't realize they qualify .
The next says the stats .

About 2.8 million Americans have served in uniform since 9/11 , and an estimated 200,000 are unemployed .
This quote is about the stats of how many are not employed .
These quotes recognise how hard it is for veterans to get jobs .

Veterans need help with mental problems such as PTSD and depression .
20 percent of the vets who served in either Iraq or Afghanistan suffer from either major depression or post - traumatic stress disorder .
19.5 percent of vets in these two categories have experienced a traumatic brain injury .
These three service - related disorders alone have an enormous impact on the demand for veteran mental health treatment .
This quote is about how most veterans that come back from war normally have mental issues .
approximately 730,000 men and women , with many experiencing post - trau ­ matic stress disorder and major depression .
This quote explains how many veterans suffer with mental issues .
These quotes understand how many veterans suffer from PTSD and depression .

Veterans also need help with physical health .
` The wounds of war can go far beyond what meets the eye .
From mental health issues to pain and illness that persist long after they ' ve left the battlefield , veterans face a multitude of health troubles either unique to their service or more frequent among them than the general population .
This explains the problems of veterans coming back from war Psychological trauma causes both acute and long - term impacts on victims .
The acute impact is the mind and body 's response immediately after the event and may include confusion , dissociation , panic , agitation , or amnesia .
This quote explains the illnesses after coming back from war .

People must help and understand how the veterans that come back from war are damaged and that they need help .
They have many issues and they need help financially physically and mentally .
Some people say that they get enough help but that 's wrong veterans have fought for our country so they ca n't get enough help .
Veterans need as much help as possible in war and out .
Do you want to let veterans struggle by themselves or do you want to help ?