SmokingHave you ever gone to a place to just take a rest or work , and it becomes hard to breath because of the smoke ?
Well , that is not only happening to you .
All around the globe , people are getting deadly diseases because of smoking .
Everybody sees that , but why is no one stopping it ?
Smoking should be banned because cigarettes kill millions of people , smoking causes many diseases , and it is very addictive .

Smoking causes more than 480,000 deaths every year in the United States .
This is more than the deaths from car accidents , alcohol , and even illegal drugs combined , says cancer .
org .
This proves that smoking is a major problem in the U.S. and around the world .
It is an even bigger problem than drugs !
According to lung .
org , smoking even causes more than 41,000 deaths because of secondhand smoking every year .
So , if you smoke , you 're not only hurting yourself , you 're also hurting other people .
Does this mean that all smokers are murderers ?
Well , murdering is illegal , so why is n't smoking ?

But , even if you do n't die from it , smoking will leave you sick for the rest of your life .
According to cancer .
org , ...
smoking accounts for about 30 % of all cancer deaths in the United States , including about 80 % of all lung cancer deaths .
This fact is shocking because the website is trying to say that cigarette companies are literally selling cancer .
You can even get cancer from secondhand smoking , says cancer .
org .
So , even if you do n't get cancer , other people might .

On the other hand , many people argue that smoking relieves them from pain and stress .
But this brings up another reason : addiction .
According to quitnow .
gov.au , Smoking is very addictive because of the nicotine in cigarettes .
This shows that cigarettes are a type of drug , and when you start , it 's hard to stop .
When your brain gets used to nicotine , it becomes dependent on it . , says nhs .
uk .
This shows that your brain would not be able to live without nicotine .
This is why smoking should be banned .

Smoking clearly should be banned .
This is proven because it kills people , gives diseases , and is very addictive .
And just like Eleanor Roosevelt , an American diplomat and activist says , If quitting smoking seems hard right now , it is exactly what you should start doing .