How to Combat Climate Change Climate change has become a big issue in recent times .
An even bigger issue is figuring out what actions the U.S and other countries globally can do to combat this issue .
With sea levels rising , extreme weather events , and temperatures increasing , one can not deny that the Earth is going through a change in climate .
According to NASA , 2019 was the second warmest year recorded ( Global Climate Change ) .
In order to take action and combat this issue and be successful , I believe the U.S has to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and to encourage and support the use of renewable energy resources .
We understand where we are currently when it comes to this fight against climate change , but what events led us to get to this point ?

During the second Industrial Revolution in the19th century , America 's economy was changing .
According to History , the invention of steel , chemicals and electricity helped fuel production , including mass - produced consumer goods , and weapons ( Eric Niiler ) .
Manufacturing steel in factories influenced transportation by creating railroads for trains to travel .
But of course in order to run these factories and trains , there needed to be coal .
As the coal is burned in order to accelerate the train , the coal releases pollutants such as carbon into the atmosphere .
This carbon then reacts with oxygen , and creates carbon - dioxide and gets trapped in the atmosphere , and warms the Earth above normal temperatures .
According to The Union of Concerned Scientists , coal is responsible for about one - quarter of all energy - related carbon emissions ( Coal Power Impacts ) .
So how do we combat this ?

My first solution to take action is to encourage reducing , reusing , and recycling plastics .
According to the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) , recycling conserves energy and reduces greenhouse gas emissions from resource extraction , manufacturing , adn disposal ( United States Environmental Protection Agency ) .
Another action I would encourage is the investment of renewable resources and the use of solar , wind , hydro - electric , and geothermal energy .
These resources replenish themselves and can be used to generate electricity .
Unlike non - renewable resources such as coal , oil , and natural gas , renewable resources also do not require any mining and fragmentation of the earth 's surface , which causes more even more damage to the earth .
Although these solutions seem to have some effect on changing the climate for the better , but what about the Economy ?

Opposers believe that the U.S should not take aggressive action to combat climate change .
According to Issues and Controversies , putting regulations on the environment threatens jobs and hinder the competitiveness of U.S industries Should the U.S government take aggressive steps to combat climate change .
They argue that

