Gun restrictions should not be in America

At first look guns can be bad for our country , but there are more to guns than just death and despair .
We have a rule for protecting guns in the constitution .
Many people in our country love guns for recreation , while treating their guns responsibly .
Our founding fathers many years ago agreed for the people to bear arms .

Gun ownership is protected by the second amendment of the constitution .
This states A well regulated Militia , being necessary to the security of a free State , the right of the people to keep and bear Arms , shall not be infringed .
This is in our constitution written almost 230 years ago by our founding fathers .
The Supreme Court majority wants the individual right to have a firearm for self defense ( Gun Control - ProCon .
org .
) .
If our leaders agree to having firearms we should accept that .

Many people use guns for recreation like , challenges , activities , and competitions .
Approximately 40 million Americans love recreational shooting every year ( Home ) .
Imagine if your favorite sport was taken away from you , because the law restricted it and you could never play again .
There are many different rules of shooting games just like basketball and soccer ( Shooting Sports . )
.
Many people treat their guns responsibly .

Guns do n't kill people , people do .
Shootings do n't happen because have guns it 's because of their mental state ( Filipovic ) .
The school shootings only happen because these mentally damaged people have guns to start one .
People with a bad background should have their guns taken away not mentally healthy people ( Guns Do n't Kill People ) .
We should have a system where guns should be given to the responsible .
Many people care too much for their guns to have them taken away , because other people treat them irresponsibly .

The constitution wants us to keep our arms , so many people in America will be devastated when there guns are taken away when they did nothing wrong .
Yes , if these shooters have the guns to actually cause these shootings we should take guns away so everyone is safe .
Except if we can create a system where the people that will start these shootings have their guns taken away , and everyone else can keep their guns , that would be the best solution .
Does the United States want to take the rights of these people who love their guns and have them taken away for other people 's actions ?

