Should The Death Penalty Be Abolished ?

Families cowered in fear as a man and his girlfriend held up the diner they were at .
Suddenly five rounds were fired and five people died .
However , this man walked free among us just two decades later .
After the death penalty and other capital punishments were abolished in some states , cold - blooded killers have had a chance of being set free by a governor or parole board later on .
Capital punishment should be legalized to intimidate other criminals into not committing crimes , keep dangerous criminals off the streets , and bring criminals to justice .

The death penalty will intimidate criminals into not committing crimes .
In the article When Murder is Punished with Death Fewer Criminals will Murder it states that Canadian Dmitry Smirnov followed his ex - girlfriend around and checked to see if the state that she lived in had the death penalty before brutally murdering her in a parking lot .
This shows that criminals do care about the punishment they receive and consider that especially if carrying out a planned crime .
Oftentimes criminals will plan a crime such as this one and know the potential consequences going in .
If the death penalty was legal criminals would have to think about the punishment when planning a crime .

Also , the death penalty would prevent the chance of a parole board deciding to let a criminal go after serving a potion of the time they were sentenced .
In the article An Illinois Mass Killer Walks Free the author states evidence from a court document saying .
Riemann methodically , carefully and slowly shot the five original parties in the restaurant .
All five died of their wounds , including 16-year - old Catherine Rekate , a part - time dishwasher , and George Pashade , the 75-year - old chef .
The family that arrived during the holdup was spared , apparently because Riemann 's gun was empty .
However after serving just a portion of his time sentenced he was let free by a parole board just 20 years later .
This shows that if the death penalty was legalized Riemann would have been put on death row .
Instead , he was let free by a merciful parole board after committing such a horrendous crime .

Some people may claim that the death penalty goes against the eighth amendment ( excessive bail should not be required , nor excessive fines imposed , nor cruel or unusual punishment ) which is stated in The United States Constitution .
It is said that putting someone to death violates this amendment and so it should be abolished .
While some may argue that the death penalty breaks the 8th amendment , they forget that the people who are on death row more than likely have taken the life of an innocent citizen .
According to the article Arguments to Abolish The Death Penalty Refuted by Fact by Bill Montgomery as long as there are horrific murders , there should be a death penalty to appropriately and justly punish the criminals .
People that are murders have taken the life of another human , killing them horridly , so it seems only fair and right that they are punished with a punishment that matches the crime that they committed .

Therefore , capital punishment and the death penalty should be legalized in order to bring criminals to justice .
Based on all the evidence that is being presented , it is about time that we punish criminals properly in order to keep dangerous criminals stay off the streets , intimidate potential killers , and put criminals to justice .
Killers should not be allowed a second chance and now is the time to do something .

