Why Photoshopping should not be Banned in Advertising

Many studies have tracked positive correlations between exposure to the thin ideal in media images and disordered eating or other body - image issues and dissatisfaction .
The fact that the photographs we see of models in magazines and on billboards are usually digitally - enhanced is a societal norm we have come to accept ( Marilyn Krawitz ) .
Photoshop is a fun way for people to enhance their images and possibly add a cooky , Fun , Or strange aspect to it .
`` Many women struggle with poor body image and eating disorders due , in part , to images of very thin women and photoshopped bodies in the media and advertisements . ''

If you are a photographer and photoshopping is banned , you can not produce those amazing images for NatGeoTravel .
your images will look like the bland and boring images that does not appeal people .
Sure Photoshop is faking an image , But if you want to attract clients and directors on your website , you photograph the image and make it nice so your business will work out .
By the way photoshopping makes images better and some clients may want you to remove his or her pimples on their faces , without photoshop you can not do that .
The question on the minds of media gurus and magazine readers arises : Will American government follow in the footsteps of France and Israel and enact a law prohibiting the use of physically appealing use of photo editing without indicating media .

A USA Today study revealed that 47 percent of girls in the grades 5 - 12 reported wanting to lose weight because of magazine pictures and 69 percent of girls in that age range reported that magazine pictures influenced their idea of a perfect body shape .
Likewise , 10 million females suffer from an eating disorder in the United States 2.7 percent of which are aged 13 - 18 and 25 percent are college - aged .

When people see images of models that are photoshopped , they believe that this is the ideal body , and that they should strive to be this way , but that image they see is unrealistic .
So trying to look that way will be so unhealthy .
Also if you compare yourself to those models it significantly lowers self confidence .
