An Anti - antivaxxisim Stance

In the modern age , resentment to modern science has dramatically increased .
As we stray away from the grasps of science and more towards a resentment , we lose progress worked with over decades .
This resentment is best found with vaccinations .
In an age where most deadly diseases have or are in the process of eradication , the general population has lost interest in modern vaccinations .
A growing number of people are growing skeptical of the effectiveness , safety , and dosage .
This movement , Antivaxxisim , Is dangerous and deadly .
Antivaxx logic is a large , and incorrect conspiracy .
All public vaccines are safe and have proper dosage .
the opinions of Antivaxxisim are resulting in death and suffrage not only of their own movement but to the people around them .
The largest claim produced by Antivaxxers is over the safety of vaccines .
Vaccines do contain elements like Thimerosal ( a mercury - containing preservant ) , and Aluminum ( CDC ) .
However , the toxicity of an object lies in dosage .
( asapSCIENCE ) .
With improper dosage , pure water can be deadly ( asapScience ) .
According to The Centre for Food Safety , formaldehyde , a notoriously deadly chemical , is found in fruits and vegetables .
This chemical is also common in vaccines ( CDC ) .
Just as apples are not toxic in their dosage of formaldehyde , nor are vaccines .
On a daily basis , 30 - 50 mg of Aluminum are consumed in your diet daily , that far outweighs the amount in a vaccine at roughly 0.125 mg ( asapSCIENCE ) .
There is not an official rating on toxicity levels in aluminum , yet would most likely be in the 100s of milligrams .
In reality , the toxins in vaccines are not present .
A large misconception Antivaxxers spread is over the number of vaccines administered .
The standard claim produced is 72 vaccines are administered to children .
This number is heavily inflated and designed to fearmonger worrying parents .
The reality of the situation is much more calming .
By the time you turn 18 , around 53 individual shots will be administered ( Iannelli ) .
A significant portion ( over a third ) of the vaccines will be yearly renewals of the flu and tetanus vaccine .
A large reason this overinflated number is around is due to defunct vaccines .
These older vaccines were phased out with combination vaccines , like the MMR ( Measles , Mumps , Rubella ) vaccine .
According to Iannelli , using as many combined shots as possible , you can receive only 23 by the time your five .
In conclusion , 72 vaccines is a grossly overinflated number to instill fear worrying parents Herd immunity is the practice of providing protection to people who are incapable of receiving vaccines themselves .
Herd immunity lies within the spreading of diseases .
If one person contracts a disease , with herd immunity in place , it should n't jump to new people ( Kucharski ) .
Because those new people are vaccinated , and as long as direct contact does n't occur to another unvaccinated , then they will be protected ( Kucharski ) .
Herd immunity relies on the collective protecting the minority .
With the growing population of people who refuse vaccination , herd immunity is becoming less effective .
According to Weir , The people who can not receive vaccines , now have a higher risk of death .
This adds to their already abnormally high risk due to their complications .
The Ignorance of antivaxxers is increasing the risk of death on innocent people , causing indirect murder .
An antivaxx book , Vaccines : The Biggest Medical Fraud in History , has the following quote in it , Polio is NOT even contagious or infectious ( never proven to be ) .
There is NO proof Polio is caused by a virus .
There is NO evidence that anyone caught Polio from another person in the family .
There is NO evidence that any nurse or doctor caught Polio from a patient . this point is used as an attack on the Polio vaccine , yet this claim can be refuted astonishingly easy .
Peter Crosta has an article reviewed by the University of Illinois - Chicago .
This article provides information on the spread of Polio , the article states the following The polio virus usually enters the environment in the feces of someone who is infected .
In areas with poor sanitation , the virus easily spreads from feces into the water supply , or , by touch , into food . ..
In addition , because polio is so contagious , direct contact with a person infected with the virus can cause polio .
The antivaxx statement is entirely refuted by this single quote , a doctor , or a nurse should not contract Polio from a patient due to the sterile conditions in a hospital .
Family members wo n't contract polio from each other due to modern bathroom sanitation .
In the cold truth , analysis at face value will often result in incorrect conclusion resulting in complications , these complications will cause death if not addressed immediately .
The recent surge in Antivaxxisim is threatening not just the believers , but the people who work with them , play with them , talk to them , and even pass them on the street .
Left unchanged this movement will bring back deadly diseases that were eradicated long ago , it 's up to you , to make sure they do n't .

