Mockingbirds do n't do one thing but make music for us to enjoy . ..
but sing their hearts out for us .
That 's why it 's a sin to kill a mockingbird .

One summer , Jem and Scout befriend a boy named Dill , who has come to live in their neighborhood for the summer , and the trio acts out stories together .
Eventually , Dill becomes fascinated with the spooky house on their street called the Radley Place .
The house is owned by Mr. Nathan Radley , whose brother , Boo has lived there for years without venturing outside .

Scout goes to school for the first time that fall and detests it .
She and Jem find gifts apparently left for them in a knothole of a tree on the Radley property .
Dill returns the following summer , and he , Scout , and Jem begin to act out the story of Boo Radley .
Atticus puts a stop to their antics , urging the children to try to see life from another person 's perspective before making judgments .
But , on Dill 's last night in Maycomb for the summer , the three sneak onto the Radley property , where Nathan Radley shoots at them .
Jem loses his pants in the ensuing escape .
When he returns for them , he finds them mended and hung over the fence .
The next winter , Jem and Scout find more presents in the tree , presumably left by the mysterious Boo .
Nathan Radley eventually plugs the knothole with cement .
Shortly thereafter , a fire breaks out in another neighbor 's house , and during the fire someone slips a blanket on Scout 's shoulders as she watches the blaze .
He is convinced that Boo did it , Jem tells Atticus about the torn pants and the presents .

To the consternation of Maycomb 's racist white community , Atticus agrees to defend a black man named Tom Robinson , who has been accused of raping a white woman .
Because of Atticus 's decision , Jem and Scout are subjected to abuse from other children , even when they celebrate Christmas at the family compound on Finch 's Landing .
Calpurnia , the Finches ' black cook , takes them to the local black church , where the warm and close - knit community largely embraces the children .

Atticus 's sister , Alexandra , comes to live with the Finches the next summer .
Dill , who is supposed to live with his new father in another town , runs away and comes to Maycomb .
Tom Robinson 's trial begins , and when the accused man is placed in the local jail , a mob gathers to lynch him .
Atticus faces the mob down the night before the trial .
Jem and Scout , who have sneaked out of the house , soon join him .
Scout recognizes one of the men , and her polite questioning about his son shames him into dispersing the mob .

At the trial itself , the children sit in the colored balcony with the town 's black citizens .
Atticus provides clear evidence that the accusers , Mayella Ewell and her father , Bob Ewell were actually just attempting to get money , everyone in Maycomb knows that they 're broke and would almost do anything for money .
Atticus proves a point that Tom ca n't use his left hand therefor how could he have hit her on the right side of her face .
As Scout and Jem leave to walk home from the courthouse they are confronted by Bob Ewell ( Somewhat in front of Boo Radley 's Property )
Bob Ewell blames them for their father trying to defend a black man .
Out of nowhere Boo Radley comes out for the first time ever and stabs the man a couple times killing him , and saving the kids .
The Sheriff is called but initially does nothing to Boo , as he is aware of his condition , Boo is a tall old man in maybe his sixties , he tells the kids that Boo was abused and locked in the closet by his father as a kid and that long amount of time without human contact stopped him from developing properly mentally .

In conclusion , Tom Robinson was falsely charged with rapping a white woman and went to jail , 3 months later he tried to break out and got shot while escaping .
Although he was convicted it proved that they were trying to revolt from segregation .