Should Young Adults Legally Be Able to Join The War at Age eighteen ?

Do you think that young adults should be able to join the war at age eighteen ?
In 2008 more than 537,187 total females and males of the age eighteen joined in army forces ( Civic Issues - Ryan Fassak ) .
Joining the war at age eighteen means that they are not fully mature mentally and physically .
The brain is n't fully developed until the age of twenty - five .
Joining the war will affect college education .
By joining the war at age eighteen that means people will skip college and go straight to the war after high school which means after the war , there wo n't be good job opportunities until after going to college .
If people ca n't drink until they are twenty - one then they should n't be allowed to join the war .
If people are n't aloud to drink until they are twenty - one then why should they be able to put their life at danger at the age of eighteen .
It should be illegal for men and women to join the war at age eighteen .

People at the age of eighteen should not be able to join the war because they might not be mature enough mentally and physically .
When I think back to when I was eighteen , my view on the world and my purpose was twisted .
As a teenager , every day means life or death .
Put teenagers right out of highschool into the world like that , you get suicides , STDs , materialism .
This is only during basic , look at the statistics .
Eighteen years of age is a bad age to remove someone from their environment and stick them with the adults ( Dish , The Daily .
Raise The Recruitment Age ) .
The war needs mature , strong men and women around the age of twenty - five .
The brain is completely developed at the age eighteen , so the law should be joining the war at twenty - five .
Because they do n't have a full education .
After their service they wo n't be able to get a good job ( Is 18 Too Young to Join the Armed Forces ) .
This is why it needs to be illegal to join the war at age eighteen .

If people can join the military at age eighteen , then they wo n't get a proper college education .
This means that kids who join the military but do not go through a specific college program , such as ROTC or an academy , ca n't count on getting college aid for the time being ( Pros and Cons About Going Military After High School ) .
If people do n't go to college before they join the war then it will be harder for them to find good jobs after .
It is very difficult to be considered a serious candidate without either a high school diploma or accepted credential .
In any case , staying in school is important for entering the military ( Review Military Entrance Requirements ) .
If people are able to join the war at age eighteen , then they could drop out of high school to join the war .
The legal age to join the war , should be age twenty - five because then high school will be over and some years of college .
The law should state that a college education should be needed to join the war .

If people can not legally drink until they are twenty - one then why should they be able to join the war at age eighteen ?
You ca n't drink alcohol until your 21 , you usually ca n't even get a concealed carry license until your 21 .
Let me put that into perspective .
You can sign up to get shot and die before you can legally have your first drink ( Should the Military Age Be Raised to 21 ) .
It should not be right that people can put themselves in risk of dying , but they ca n't even drink legally .
That means a man can be sent off to war , as early as 18 years of age .
Yet he can not drink ?
This is the classic I ' m old enough to fight a war , but I ca n't drink argument ( Youth Indicators 2011 ; America ) .
These are just more reasons stating the fact that the age should be raised to at least twenty - one .

It should be illegal for people to join the war at age eighteen for many reasons .
Joining the war will affect college education .
Not only will it affect college education , but people at the age of eighteen are just not mature enough mentally and physically .
Also , if people can not legally drink until they are twenty - one , then they should not have the right to sign up for war and put their life at risk .
People at the age of eighteen should be able to join the war because they are legally adults .
Being a legal adult means people can make their own decisions .
People should not be able to join the war at age eighteen because they are not mature enough .
We need strong , mature men and women for the war .
As Americans we need to realize that we need strong , mature men and women that are willing to fight our freedom , and eighteen is just too young .

