Parents wonder if their children 's constant use of Instagram , Facebook or Snapchat is healthy ( McDaniels ) .
Clearly , social media overuse is bad for teenagers and children if parents are wondering if it is healthy .
Social media is technologies that allow people to share ideas , information , and more .
Some popular examples are Instagram , Snapchat , Twitter , and Facebook .
People use these technologies to share pictures , posts , and information .
There are many benefits and disadvantages of social media .
Benefits including , spreading useful information quickly , easier to communicate with friends and family , and it can build up self - confidence .
However , there are many disadvantages including affecting grades , causes depression , and can enable cyberbullying .
Because social media can affect school grades and can cause sleeping issues , social media is harmful to society .

Social media can affect school grades so people may want to consider how much time they spend on it .
A study was done to see if social media can actually affect grades .
Certainly , the study showed that college freshmen , sophomores , and juniors had their grades affected by social media .
The author tells the reader , Sophomores and juniors only experienced a negative impact on their grade point averages when they used Facebook while studying ( Are social networking sites good for our society ? ) .
If kids are on their phones while studying more than likely their grades will drop .
In some cases people with a passing grade can drop to a failing grade just because of social media usage .
Others may claim that phones are not near the kids when they are doing their work .
Everyone knows that kids can not leave their phone and it always has to be near them .
If it is near them kids constantly check social media which can harm their grades .
Consequently , social media is harmful and has a tremendous effect on kids grades .
Therefore kids that want to do well in school should not constantly be on social media .

Do you want to wake up tired ?
As well as grades being affected , sleeping issues can result from overuse of social media .
A study was conducted to find out if overuse of social media can cause sleeping issues .
Assuredly , the study showed the more time kids spent on social media the more likely they would develop sleeping issues .
According to Mcdaniels , A study published earlier this year by the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine with support from the National Institutes of Health found that the more time young adults spent on social media the more likely they were to have problems sleeping and experience symptoms of depression ( McDaniels ) .
This study proved that the more time people spent on social media , the more problems with sleeping they will have .
Clearly , if kids have problems with sleeping , then their grades can be affected as well .
However , others think if kids do not use their phone right before bed their sleep will not be affected .
Usually teenagers have homework and after their homework kids find a way to look at their phone before they go to bed .
This could cause the sleeping issues .
To sum this up , constantly being on cell phones before bed can cause sleeping problems .

Obviously , it is very important to get good grades and get a good night sleep every night .
So using social media every day for multiple hours is not the best idea because some of the consequences are grades can drop and sleeping problems can appear .

