Why Violence in Video Games Does Not Cause Violence

Have ever been gaming like a pro and then you die and lose the game and you had the urge to break something well getting angry at a videogame can help with stress in real life .
Violence in video games do not cause violence here is why .
Video game violence can help violence decrease , video games have health benefits , and Violent video games do not cause mass shootings .
Those reasons will prove that violent video games do not cause violence .

Violence in videogames can help decrease violence in real life .
According to Journal of Adolescents research , `` Boys use videogames to cope with real life annoying things such as stress and anger as they are in their own world but distinct enough not to be led into real life . ''
This can young children with anger and stress and reduce their violent outcomes .
66 percent of boys say that violent video games help me forget my problems and 44 percent say that violent video games help them get their anger out .
Again violent video games help people who have a tendency with anger to calm down and not have violent outburst .
Center of Health and media stated that , `` Oddly most boys who play video games that are violent help them with morals to not be violent . ''
Violence in video games helps teach morals not to be violent .

Playing video games have health benefits which will help with violence and learn skills .
According to MentalFloss , `` One study has shown dyslexics improved their reading comprehension following sessions of games heavy with action . ''
The reason is that those type of games with constantly changing environment that require intense focus .
Video games can help with disabilities and not cause violence .
Video games are a great source of education .
Many people use technology and video games to help children learn .
Most of these skills they want them to achieve for cognitive and creative skills , and having good cognitive skills can help prevent angry outcomes .
Believe it or not video games can help with your social skills .
Such as Fortnite which has in game voice chat .
This means you can talk with new people or friends .
These can allow to converse and maybe make new friends as well .
Talking with people can help explain reasons of anger or stress and talking with somebody can be the number one way help with anger and stress .

Some people say play violent video games can cause mass shootings Trump was one of those people .
Mainly video games including guns and shooting are accounted for this kind of behavior .
According to Trump , `` I ' m hearing more and more people say the level of violence on video games is really shaping young people . ''
The presidents logic that people see violence and they put to a mass shooting is absurd .
Due to trump saying that violence in video games is the main reason for these shootings is a terrible thing to show because so much research proves this claim is false .
In 2005 the California law tried to ban selling video games for minors .
But this was stopped by the supreme court six years later .
The reaches that people go to ban something that is proven to be harmless and the major problem is the belief that violent video games cause such things as of mass shootings .
In a 2015 in depth study done by the American Psychological Association , have come to conclusion that violent video games do cause slight aggression , but This does not connect to criminal things like a mass shooting .
There is violence but not significant amount to effect in a ever changing way in real life .

In conclusion violence in video games will cause small amounts of anger but not too much to affect you permanently in real life situation .
Mass shootings do not accor because of violent video games .
Video games are healthy in some ways it can help your learning skills , and some violent video games are educational .
And even videogames can decrease the amount of violence and stress in the real world with the video games .
So in the end of it all do video games seem like they cause much violence at all ?