The USS Indianapolis

Over eight hundred men were captured by the black inky abyss called the ocean .
Could they have been saved ?
In 1945 , a ship called the USS Indianapolis sank and shaped into the greatest shark attack in history .
This event was not spoke of and the survivors did not talk about it because they did not want to relive the event .
The USS Indianapolis should have had more protection , if they had better life boats the sharks would not have been as big as a factor as they were .
The USS Indianapolis should have had more protection from the military , only a handful of choice people knew that there was a boat called the USS Indianapolis .

Most of the sailors that were on the USS Indianapolis died by sharks if they had more and better life boats then hundreds of men 's lives could have been saved .
An incredible amount of men went into the water that night .
The remainder , about 900 men , were left floating in the shark - infested waters with no lifeboats and most with no food or water ( USS Indianapolis CA-35 ) .
About 900 men were left out in the open ocean with no lifeboats no food and freshwater .
With better life boats this problem could have been solved .
They would have had a place to store food and they would have had a place to store fresh water .
Of the 1195 aboard , about 900 made it into the water in twelve minutes before she sank .
Few life rafts were released .
Most survivors wore standard kapok life jacket .
Shark attacks began with sunrise of the first day and continued until the men were physically removed from the water , almost five days later ' ' USS Indianapolis Most of the people in the water had a standard kapok life jacket on , but those only last so long and definitely no five days .
If there were more lifeboats the men would not have to exhaust themselves to stay afloat .
The USS Indianapolis should have had better life boats to help keep the sailors safe .

The military should have told the people on the USS Indianapolis what the cargo was so they could have been on the lookout for enemy ships or in this case anime submarines .
Only a handful of people knew what was on the boat .
The Indianapolis sank on july 30 , 1945 , just 12 minutes after being hit with torpedoes fired by a Japanese submarine .
The sinking of the Indianapolis and the ordeal endured by the ship 's survivors is one of the worst naval disasters in American history .
( Wreckage of WWII - Era Warship . )
The sailors did not know what was on the boat , all they knew was that it was classified .
If the men knew what was on the boat they could have been extra careful around it and would have been more aware of their surroundings .
After delivering its cargo to the tiny island of Tinian , north of Guam , the ship was on its way to the Philippines when it was hit by two torpedoes from the imperial Japanese submarine I-58 on July 30 , 1945 .
Indianapolis sank in just 12 minutes , with 300 of her crew going down with the ship .
( Wreckage Of USS Indianapolis )
Three hundred men went down with the ship if they knew what was on the ship they could have been on high alert and always been ready .
The USS Indianapolis men should have known about the cargo for their own safety .

The military should have given the USS Indianapolis more protection in general considering what they were carrying on the ship .
The mistakes that were made during this experience I hope will never happen .
As tragic as the loss was , the Navy learned from its mistakes and implemented changes that improved reporting procedures , requirements for ship escorts , and increase life saving equipment .
Documents in collection provide information on the routing and sinking of the ship , the available intelligence , rescue operations , and the investigation and court martial the followed .
( Sinking of USS Indianapolis . )
After the ship sank , then they tried to make better things to replace what went wrong so they are trying to fix their mistakes , but that does not bring back eight hundred people from the dead .
The military should have gone the lengths to make sure that nothing happened to them at least had another boat out there with them .
At a few minutes after midnight on July 30 , 1945 , two torpedoes slammed into the hull of the USS Indianapolis .
The first struck the starboard bow just below the waterline .
The second hit closer to the midship -- both with devastating effect .
The first one detonated the ships powder magazine , recently replenished at Guam .
The second blew up three thousand five hundred gallons of aviation fuel .
The ship 's diesel gasoline tanks ruptured sending oil into the decks .
It ignited , too .
( The Tragic Fate of the USS Indianapolis . )
The boat had no other boats around it , it was all alone on the open sea no back no way to communicate with the other people .
The military should have done so much more for this boat to have made it and all those veterans could have made it home .

The USS Indianapolis should ' ve had more protection from the military , only a handful of choice people knew that there was a boat called the USS Indianapolis .
The USS Indianapolis should have had more protection , if they had better life boats the sharks would not have been as big as a factor as they were .
I understand that telling the sailors could have put them at risk and they used the life boats they did because of space on the boat and they did all they could to protect them without being suspicious but the sailors were already at risk by being on the boat so they should have known so they could have been on the lookout and not just thinking they were just delivering supilesthe troops .
The lifeboats should have been better and more accessible because when they went overboard they needed shelter from the sharks and they did not .
Shark attacks they also should have had more protection in general they were out in the open and very vulnerable .
The Japanese took advantage of their vulnerability and sunk the now historical USS Indianapolis .

