Is Cheerleading a Sport ?

Do you think that Cheerleading is a sport ?
Most people consider Cheerleading a sport .
Over 3.3 million Americans participate in cheer each year .
In 2002 over 24,675 injuries were caused by cheer ( Lindsey Barton ) .
And did you know president George W. Bush was a cheerleader ?

Dictionary . com says that the definition of Cheerleading is a sport involving the performance of chanting , and dancing in support of a sports team .
There are two different types of Cheerleading , there is Competitive Cheer , and there is the type of Cheer where you chant for your favorite Football or Basketball team .
Even President George W. Bush was a Cheerleader for Phillips Academy in Andover Massachusetts .
He was n't just a Cheerleader though he was the head Cheerleader .

Cheerleading can be just as dangerous as any other sport , it can even be more dangerous than Hockey , Soccer , Football , exc .
Over 70 % of catastrophic injuries are in womans Cheerleading .
Even with proper training you can still get hurt ( Chassé Cheerleading Apparel ) .
Cheerleading is a sport , you twist and tumble through the air .
Eileen Bangaoil , was wheeled into an operating room one year to get a Cadaver 's Ligament inserted into her left knee to rebuild her ACL just like Football player Carson Palmer .
Do you want to tell Bangaoil that Cheerleading is n't a sport ?

Debate . org say 58 % of people say Cheerleaders is a sport and the other 42 % say Cheerleading is n't a sport .
( Lissard_in_da_house says ) .

`` Cheer is not a sport you do n't have to have any athletic ability .
All you do is shake and wave pom - poms around .
People who ca n't play a sport are the people that say cheer is a sport . ''

Yes , Cheerleaders wave pom - poms around and dance , but they are also people that are on a team with physical exertion and skill that have to work together .
Cheerleaders also work year round and take no more than one month break in between seasons .

If Cheerleading is n't a sport why would schools call it a sport ?
And , if Cheerleading was n't a sport why would it be one of the most dangerous contact sports out there ?
Do you think Cheerleading is a sport ?
To you Cheerleading might not be a sport but to the 3.3 million Americans that participate each year it is ( active kids ) .

