Responding to Conflict

Have you ever woken up in the morning to the sound of bombs being dropped on your home town ?
Ever had to hide you and your family in a tiny house where the slightest noise will get you caught and possibly killed ?
Ever had to hide your opinion in fear of being captured ?
Many are lucky enough to say no , but for many people in the 1940s , this is not the case .
Winston Churchill tried to help combat the terrified citizens by giving a speech to the public .
Anne Frank tried to stay positive , even though she was a Jew in the holocaust .
As she became less optimistic , she was led down a rabbit hole that eventually led to her death .
Sophie Scholl approached it in a different way than the rest , though .
She decided not to stay positive or speak out , but to keep quiet .
She buckled , but knew it was wrong and as soon as she was done with school , she decided not to hold her ideas back anymore .
With these , how should others respond when something goes wrong ?
One could say that no matter how formidable , one can be hopeful , optimistic , and work with others to solve the conflict .

Winston Churchill was the prime minister who gave a speech to London that forever changed their viewpoint and attitude towards the Blitzkrieg .
In this speech , he assured the scared people of London that they were trying hard to fix everything by saying You ask , what is our aim ?
I can answer in one word .
It is victory .
( Churchill 2 ) .
In saying that their aim is victory , he is telling the people whose homes and lives were demolished to be hopeful and that they will overcome this overwhelming struggle .
This is helpful because it gave the once helpless citizens a new sense of hope , and led them to winning the battle .

Anne Frank , despite being faced with immense danger , stayed positive .
Anne stayed optimistic all the time , even saying One family .
I love that !
( Goodrich 14 ) .
After her family and one other family were being forced to stay in the annex of Anne 's father 's workplace .
Her positivity helped her overcome many of the hardships that were thrown at her , like not being able to do many of the things she loved to do before the Nazis invaded .
It shows right .
Conflicts you stay optimistic , it will help you to get past many of the things that may go wrong in life .

Sophie School took matters into her own hands , by surprisingly not doing anything !
She decided that the best thing to do was to give them the answers that they wanted , and keep her own thoughts and ideas private .
This took some trial and error to figure out though , because she got in trouble for speaking about her own views .
Later , Sophie would not buckle again on her political views ( Bartoletti 2 ) .
The line from Bartoletti helps us to understand that Sophie hated being silenced , and she decided to go against the Nazis , despite not being Jewish .
She tried to pass the classes she needed to take by giving them the answers that they wanted , and not the ones she thought were right .

Conflicts will always come at you throughout life , but it is important to know how to work through them .
You can always be optimistic , hopeful , and work with others to overcome any conflict .
Some may say that you can just wait a conflict out and not do anything , but you have to do something otherwise the opposing side will keep pushing on .
If it were n't for people fighting against the Nazis , they would still be in power !
These are just main areas that you can beat a hard conflict in your life , but there are plenty of other ways as well !
Try to go and find your own ways to solve conflict , maybe even make your own legacy like Anne , Sophie , and Churchill !