A full 32 % of the 78 million tons of plastic packaging produced annually is left to flow into our oceans ; the equivalent of pouring one garbage truck of plastic into the ocean every minute , said James Pennington .
The ocean causes many positives and negatives in the world .
Human 's can make the ocean and also marine life suffer and possibly lead to horrible events .
There are also several ways humans could help keep marine life and the ocean clean and safe .
The ocean helps us by giving us food and entertainment , but can also cause disasters to happen all around the world .
I will be talking about the human impact on the ocean , how humans can help the ocean , the benefits of the ocean , and the negatives of the ocean .

The first main point is human impact on the ocean ; oceans are used for waste which leads to bad things for our ocean .
Oceans have been used for all sorts of waste including sewage , industrial - runoff , and chemicals .
The ocean does not have the infinite capacity to absorb so much waste which threatens life in the ocean at all levels .
Which can result in the death of oxygen and starvation of large organisms such as fish .
Plastic can block gut passages and transfer toxic chemicals in to animal tissues .
Over 140 species have been detected with microplastics in their guts and there are an estimated 5.5 trillion pieces of plastic in surface waters alone ( Chris Walker ) .
Another human impact is having to do with marine pollution ; a particular type of marine pollution is called eutrophication , and is caused by the release of excess nutrients .
These nutrients come from fertilizers used in farming that can lead to phytoplankton growth .
Large numbers of organisms will die , and can reduce oxygen levels .
Another human impact on the ocean is commercial whaling .
Commercial whaling is whales being hunted for meat , blubber , and oil .
Whale species were driven to the brink of extinction .
In the US , the North Atlantic right whale is down to about 350 remaining .
The blue whales of the Antarctic are less than 1 % of their original population .
West Pacific grey whale populations most endangered of the world 's great whales are on the edge of extinction with about 100 remaining ( Robert Visser ) .
The last thing on human impact is how fish are being attacked .
Some fishing techniques such as dredging and trawling can cause widespread damage to marine habitats and organisms living on the seafloor .
These techniques also often capture non - target species ( known as bycatch ) that are then discarded .
They never see it happening and then it does .

The second main point is how humans can help the ocean .
People could reduce certain products contributing to the harming of fragile coral reefs and marine populations .
Avoid purchasing items such as coral jewelry , tortoiseshell hair accessories ( made from hawksbill turtles ) , and shark products .
Also , travel the ocean responsibly like responsible boating , kayaking , and other recreational activities on the water .
Never throw anything overboard , and be aware of marine life in the waters around .
People can also make safe seafood choices , fish populations are rapidly being depleted due to demand , loss of habitat , and unsustainable fishing practices .
When shopping or dining out , help reduce the demand for overexploited species .
Lastly , humans need to use less plastic products .
According to Robert Visser We ' ve been told for decades that recycling is the solution for these disposable products , yet 90 % of global plastic is n't recycled — and an enormous quantity of it is ending up in our oceans ( Robert Visser ) .
Plastics that end up in the ocean contributes to habitat destruction and kills tens of thousands of marine animals each year .
Helping the ocean and marine life is what keeps the ocean alive .

The third main point is the benefits of the ocean .
Oceans help us travel , seventy - six the percent of all U.S. trade involves some form of marine transportation .
From fishing to boating to kayaking and whale watching the ocean provides us with many unique activities .
The ocean also helps us with the air we breathe and with climate regulation , and economic benefits .
According to the National Ocean service , The ocean produces over half of the world 's oxygen and absorbs 50 times more carbon dioxide than our atmosphere .
Covering 70 percent of the Earth 's surface , the ocean transport heat from the equator to the poles , regulating climate and weathering patterns ( NOAA ) .
The ocean also keeps us alive , the ocean provides food which is a necessity to live .
The ocean gives us seafood , which is something a lot of people eat .
Many medical products come from the ocean to help is with our health .
The ocean provides ingredients to help fight cancer , arthritis , Alzheimer 's disease , and heart disease .
The ocean could save someone 's life .

The last main point is the negatives and dangers of the ocean .
The disasters the ocean causes includes natural disasters to happen .
Like hurricanes , flooding , typhoons , cyclones , and Tsunamis .
The ocean can cause very dangerous events and can cause death .
The ocean can be very dangerous .
The ocean can pull people under water when people are just swimming or surfing .
Drowning is the 3rd leading cause of unintentional injury death worldwide , accounting for 7 % of all injury - related deaths .
There are an estimated 360 000 annual drowning deaths worldwide ( World Health Organization ) .
The ocean also has rocks on the bottom of the ocean so you could get hurt or hit your head and possibly die .
The ocean is also cold and has strong currents .
The ocean is very cold most of the time , but it is our choice if we want to go into the water or not .
The currents in the ocean can be very strong and if it 's windy it usually makes them stronger .
The ocean is very dangerous and could possibly kill someone .

Overall , the four main points I have made are the human impacts on the ocean , how humans can help the ocean , the benefits of the ocean , and the negatives of the ocean .
To conclude the ocean can cause danger , but it also does n't help when humans are throwing waste into the ocean .
Humans have a big impact on the ocean , and cause some of the worst damages .
There are ways people can help make the ocean safe and clean .
The ocean also can cause danger like natural disaster .
There are some positives about the ocean like traveling , finding new cures , and giving us food .
The ocean has negatives that we ca n't control like natural disasters , but by throwing waste in the ocean it does not help with anything .
The ocean gives us food and entertainment and can make the world better .