Great Lakes Compact Exception

Should an exception be established in the Great Lakes Compact , to allow a diversion of water from the Great Lakes to be sent to western states ?
This is a recurring issue in the United States .
Eleven western states are in drought conditions and desire water from the Great Lakes .
It may be a good option for the western states , but it is a good option for Michigan and Great Lakes water basin states .
Water from the great lakes is valuable and should not be taken for granted .

While western states are facing a drought , western provinces of Canada are also experiencing a drought , according to Edmontonjournal .
com .
The Great Lakes compact is an effort between the United States and Canada .
In order to modify the compact , an agreement would need to be established between both countries .
Modifying this compact would take years of debate by both countries .
The western states and Canada both need a solution much sooner .
Considering Canada 's needs and the length of time it would take to change the compact , it becomes clear that the western states must consider alternative methods for fulfilling their water needs .

The western states must begin to address their water needs within their area of the country before asking for a diversion of water from the Great Lakes .
First , the western states must address their current water usage .
According to the LA Times , western states have depleted nearly 63 trillion gallons of their available water during this drought .
Coinciding , citizens continued to water lawns and run large scale water fountains .
According to todayshomeowner .
com , a 100 ft by 100 ft lawn uses upwards of six thousand gallons of water every time sprinklers are used .
Both lawns and water fountains use volumes of water that could have been used for drinking water , household use , and crop irrigation .

Secondly , western states must begin using water conservation efforts for crop irrigation .
According to Dr. Hans VanSumeren , Director of the Great Lakes water studies program at Northwestern Michigan College , using a method of drip irrigation for agriculture reduces water usage by up to 80 % .
This alone would have a significant impact on availability of freshwater for the western states .

Many people would like to believe that the water crisis in the western states can only be solved through a diversion of water from the Great Lakes .
However , western states have other options for obtaining that water without an exception to the compact .
The western states sit next to the Pacific Ocean .
By using a filter system to remove salt and bacteria from the ocean water , the western states can produce their own fresh water .
Through the use of filtering , or desalinization , the western states could use that water and cover their water needs .
Currently , there are over 120 countries successfully using desalinization to meet their water needs .
Additionally , through the use of cloud seeding , or weather modification , the western states could increase their annual precipitation rates .
Weathermodification .
com states that cloud seeding is the application of scientific technology that can enhance a cloud 's ability to produce precipitation .
If the western states would consider alternative means for obtaining water , there would not be a need to divert water from the Great Lakes .

Due to damaging shoreline erosion caused by increasing water levels , many people believe that exporting water from the Great Lakes is a beneficial option .
However , Debbie Stabenow , a Michigan senator , states that the Great Lakes are the backbone to Michigan 's economy and to the Great Lakes water basin states way of life .
By diverting water from the Great Lakes , you are jeopardizing the economic stability of the state of Great Lakes water basin states .

Through responsible water use and through alternative water sources , it is unnecessary to divert water from the Great Lakes to the western states .
It is in the best interest of the Great Lakes that this exception is not established .

