Should College Athletes be Paid ?

According to Justin Reyes , Imagine working for countless hours , six days a week , then putting on multiple performances just so someone else can be paid billions .
That is what college athletes face every day .
They risk their bodies in front of millions on television , and the National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) receives billions of dollars in television deals .
Why can not the athletes just make a slice of the money that the NCAA receives ?
If universities profit by selling merchandise with player 's names on it , they should be paying the players whose names are on the items .
College athletes deserve to be paid because the NCAA makes billions every year from television deals , the colleges receive money from selling merchandise with player 's names on it , and the athletes make the money but it goes to the coaches and universities .

One reason the NCAA should pay athletes is that it makes billions on television deals every year .
For how popular many college sports are , the NCAA takes in insane numbers of money .
According to Rodger Sherman , So , the NCAA now makes over a billion dollars per year from the TV rights to its basketball tournament starring unpaid basketball players .
When the NCAA is making billions a year , they should give some money to the people who perform to make that money .
The NCAA makes $ 11.3 billion off two big deals with CBS / Turner Sports and ESPN .
Micheal Wilbon states that What if people in the business of money took $ 1.3 billion off the top , invested it , sheltered it and made it available to provide a stipend to college athletes , how could anybody stand on principal and argue against paying the people who make the events possible in the first place ?
In other words , take $ 1.3 billion off of the $ 11.3 billion that the NCAA makes and give it to players .
If the NCAA makes billions every year , some should go to the players .

Another reason why athletes should be paid is that the colleges can make money off of selling merchandise with player 's names on it .
Most students agree with this viewpoint .
Abigail Hess states that An overwhelming 80 % of all students and 83 % of athletes agreed that college athletes should be paid if their image is used for purposes such as selling merchandise .
If an athlete is being used for profit , they should receive some of the pay .
They should also be able to make money off of their signature .
According to Andre Mazur , They should receive a small portion of jersey sales with their name and number .
Also , they should be allowed to sell autographed merchandise and make money off of their signatures .
Colleges making money off of athletes when they are risking their bodies to be famous is disgusting .
Colleges should pay players if they are using their names for money .

My final point is that the players make the money , but the money goes to coaches and universities .
Coaches receive stacks for accomplishing achievements .
Madisen Martinez says that Coaches receive bonuses for breaking records , reaching the offseason , and winning the big games ; the athletes receive none of it , writes Tyson Hartnett for HuffPost .
The athletes are the ones performing in front of others .
While coaches are making millions , athletes are famous but not making anything .
According to Marc Edelman , Last year , the average salary for a BCS eligible football coach was $ 2.05 million .
That is tons of money for someone who tells the actual players what to do .
Players should be paid because the coaches and universities make money from them playing .

The NCAA makes billions every year from television deals , college profit off of player 's names , and the athletes earn the money but it goes to the coaches and colleges but athletes still receive no pay .
People may say that college tuition is fair pay .
This is completely false .
Many athletes choose classes that are easier for them to pass when they have to miss so much from practice , film , lifting , and games .
According to Will Vaughn , Athletes , generally speaking , are extremely unprepared for the college course work expected of normal students .
With the help of an army of tutors they can merely try to stay eligible .
Most athletes do not have time to choose classes that will give them a decent job .
There are many college athletes that can barely support themselves but are on television every week .
The NCAA needs to pay college athletes .

