Act in the Moment

Imagine a moment : your best friend is in a deadly situation .
All the memories with them rush back to your head ; speeding at 65 mph on the roller coaster and working on homework together at 3 A.M .
You could have saved them , but you hold back and that special person passes away .
Now you will never forgive yourself and hold yourself responsible for the tragedy .
The Seventh Man was in a scenario similar to this .
The Seventh Man 's best friend , K , died in front of his eyes and he did not save him .
The Seventh man should not forgive himself for failing to save his best friend / neighbor , which led to lifelong objective guilt for The Seventh Man .

According to The Key To Disaster Survival ?
Friends And Neighbors , Really , at the end of the day , the people who will save you , and the people who will help you , he added , they 're usually neighbors .
( Vedantam )
Shankar Vedantam claims the people you live closest to will help you more than anybody else .
The Seventh Man and K were neighbors .
They went out for a walk while they were in the eye of the storm , which is the most peaceful part of the problem .
The Seventh man knew that the storm was coming , but in no way gave K a proper warning .
In Japan , Aldrich found that fire trucks and ambulances did n't save the most lives after earthquakes .
Neighbors did .
( Vedantam )
Even though The Seventh Man was with K the whole time , he did not attempt to help K escape from the colossal waves .
The Seventh Man was too much of a coward to save K when the time came .

Furthermore , The Seventh Man could have easily saved K 's life , but the wave of fear running through his brain directed him away from doing the right thing .
I told myself to run over to K , grab hold of him , and get out of there .
It was the only thing to do .
I knew that the wave was coming , and K. did n't know .
As clearly as I knew what I ought to be doing , I found myself running the other way - running full speed towards the dyke , alone .
( Murakami 138 )
The Seventh Man was debating to save K , but he decided to save himself first .
K was a clueless creature at the time of the incident , and it was The Seventh Man 's job to make K aware of the deadly waves rushing at them .
After The Seventh Man 's warning went unheard by K , his next move should have been to rush over and grab K. The wave had swallowed K. and disappeared into the far distance .
I stood there , wondering what to do .
Should I go down to the beach ?
K. might be down there somewhere , buried in the sand ...
But I decided not to leave the dyke .
( Murakami 138 )
This quote shows The Seventh Man saved his own life , costing the life of his best friend .

Moreover , Since The Seventh Man was unable to save K , he has lifelong guilt .
Objective or rational guilt , by contrast — guilt is fitting to one 's actions — accurately tracks real wrongdoing or culpability : guilt is appropriate because one acted to deliberately harm someone , or could have prevented harm and did not .
( Sherman 154 )
The Seventh Man has Objective Guilt or accurate guilt which is caused by real wrongdoings and deliberate harm .
He has this guilt because he has caused real harm : not saving K 's life .
But I knew the truth .
I knew that I could have saved K. if I had tried .
I probably could have run over and dragged him out of the reach of the wave .
It would have been close , but as I went over the timing of the events in memory , it always seemed to me that I could have made it .
As I said before , though , overcome with fear , I abandoned him there and saved only myself .
( Murakami 140 )
The Seventh Man himself believed he could have saved K 's life after he rethought the situation .

Lastly , The Seventh Man should n't forgive himself because he failed to save his best friend / neighbor , which led to lifelong objective guilt for him .
There were many instances where The Seventh man could have saved K , but he let them all slide past him and left K a sitting duck for death .
The Seventh Man ran away from K because of the overwhelming fear in his veins .
In the end , learn to face fear head - on , and think about others before yourself .