Why Atticus Finch Was a Good Father

A good father cares for his children and does everything he can to raise them into better humans .
For instance your father should teach you respect and ca nt be abusive , because if they were abusive or treated you wrong then you would think that is ok in a partener .
Atticus Finch , in the book to Kill a Mockingbird , was a good father .
In the book , you can tell that he loves Scout and Jem .
Also , Atticus teaches them about morals , which will help them in their lives .
Being a good father means that , you do not only provide the necessities , but also provide love .
We will be exploring on how Atticus Finch is a good father by teaching them fairness , notices their differences , and teaches them empathy .

Atticus teaches his kids so much .
In this case , he teaches them fairness which is a very important lesson that can be carried through life .
He tells Scout and Jem Depends on how you look at it .
What was one Negro , more or less , among two hundred of ` em ?
He was n't Tom to them , he was an escaping prisoner ( Lee 235 ) .
This shows that everyone chooses their own fate .
Atticus also defends Tom Robinson even though he is an African American .
This shows his children that everyone is the same on the inside .
He shows that you should always follow your heart and do what you know is right , even if other people look down on you it .
For instance Atticus believe Tom Robinson was innocent so he defended him against all odds .
Even when he was confronted and people tried to scare him out of the case he stood his ground and showed that you ca nt let people scare you from what 's right which shows fairness .
Beyond that it shows he is a fair person because people know he is a good lawyer but it would not be fair if he was not there to represent Tom robinson .
Tom Robinson is supposed to lose this case and it makes them angry when they have fair lawyers which this is how he shows fairness .
Forthwith we will be talking about how Atticus notices his childrens differences .

When you are a father of one son , and one daughter you have to realize that each kid is different .
You never really understand a person until you consider things from their point of view - until you climb into their skin and walk around in it ( Lee 40 ) .
You have to let each kid discover who they are as a person and not force who you are onto them .
Atticus does that for his kids .
He not only told Scout to stop fighting , but gave her different ways to quit .
This was not forcing her to do something .
Instead , he gave a strict rule , which was not to fight and gave her different approaches to a hard situation .
He sets the rules for his kids , but lets them make their own decisions and be who they are .
Another example is scout wearing her overalls .
Although she is a girl , Atticus did not tell her that she was not allowed to wear those , he let her be her own person .
Letting your children be themselves is a very important part of parenting .
We will now talk about the empathy Atticus teaches to Scout and Jem .

Atticus teaches empathy to accept people regardless of how they look or act .
This is recognizable when he says You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view .
( Lee 33 ) .
This shows that you just can not judge people you have to see it from their point of view before you can start to marshal them .
In the book , Atticus helps his children make the right decisions .
Not only is he wise , but he sets a good example for his kids .
He sees that it is important to educate your kids about right and wrong .
This helps Scout and Jem be so mature for their age and how they understand everything that goes on in this book .

When reading to Kill a Mockingbird , you can see that Atticus is a good father .
He sets an amazing example for his children .
He makes good decisions , which reflects onto his children .
Most important , he shows his kids , Jem , and Scout , how much he loves them by caring for them and trying his best to be a single father .
Raising kids is a hard thing to do .
Especially when there is two of them and only one of you .
Being a father means a lot and Atticus tries his best to be the best father he can be .
If most fathers were like Atticus , the world would be a much better place .