Malism

Today 's world is , full of technology , growth , and pushing education for all , although this is also the world of lies , conspiracies , suicides , and school shootings .
Malism the belief the world is evil and the people who live inside are just as bad .
Humans in today 's world do not care about the consequences , only the money they may gain .
Driven by unrealistic expectations , humans ruin what they have with no solution in mind to help it .
Caring more about the life of our favorite celebrity than the life our great - grandchildren might have to face .
Poisoned at the root of our brain , humans only nature is to be evil without thinking about how sinister they are .
As the world progresses , such should humans although people are too greedy to realize it .
The world is an evil place , and no one cares enough about the environment , the schools , or the government .

From declining rainforests , and plastic filled fish humans abuse nature as much as they wish .
Ten years ago the rainforest was a flourishing place full of color , trees , and animals but because of the human invasion , the rainforest is dying .
A rainforest is a fragile place , and experts say it could be consumed in the next forty years , says Rhett Butler the founder and CEO of Mongabay .
A company the focuses on environmental science , and features extensive information on tropical rainforests , and deforestation statistics for countries around the world .
Rainforests used to cover over 15 % of the Earth 's surface now they barely cover a mere 6 % .
When is it enough , for instance when will the population learn , the real magnitude of this crisis ?
The depressing truth , they never will until it directly affects their life , humans will continue down their evil path of destruction .
The oceans are also another dire need in today 's environment , each day becoming more filled with trash and plastics .
Over 70 % of our land - based garbage ends up in our oceans , says Craig Lesson founder of Leeson Media International and Ocean Vista Films .
Fish are dying by the thousands every day because of plastic and trash in our oceans .
Coral Bleaching which comes from heat and pollution , has killed up to 50 % of The Great Barrier Reef .
This happens when outside factors make the coral stressed , it then expels the algae inside it causing it to die off .
Some coral can recover from this though for most it is the final straw .
Humans destroy our environment every day never thinking about the consequences , and no cares enough to ever stop them .

School the foundation for our life where students go to learn and expand our minds .
Over the past ten years evil - minded humans have robbed us of this sanctuary .
Now compared to conditions of which a prison have , school is a burden on young studies minds , and health .
Teaching our young people they have no rights , being force - fed facts is education rather than learning only what they need for a degree .
Over the past ten years , America alone has had over two - hundred and eighty - eight school shootings , fifty - seven times the amount of every other big nation in the world combined , ( Grabow ) .
Humans first nature is to be evil , it is who they are despicable , sinister , human beings .
In 2018 alone America had an average of one school shooting per week .
Multiple students lives are ending , multiple parents hearts are breaking because humans do not know when to stay away .
They bully online , for no credible reason , they bully in real life to feel entitled .
For the past ten years , bullying rates have drastically gone up in schools .
From around 20 % to over 40 % of students reporting they were bullied at least twice in 2016 , ( O'Keeffe ) .
Children dying every day from their hurtful words and actions , some have to change schools to stay away .
As it stands right now over 4,400 deaths occur each year from suicides , suicides caused by bullying and harassment .
People in today 's society are evil - minded , and never consider the consequences of their actions .

Our government controls our nation , keeping us in check but also in balance .
Can humans trust the advice they give us , when they constantly lie , cheat , steal , and enslave our people .
They protect the wrong man to cover their image in the matter , they discriminate against size , color , and beliefs .
This is a government era that treats its people like faceless statistics and economic units to be bought or traded .
Eventually eliminated once they have outgrown their usefulness , ( Whitehead ) .
Our government is the root of our evil , poisoning our brains , and only showing us what they want us to see .
Treating us near nothing but statistics to help their own personal gain , the government is an evil place .
What people say , what they do scrutinized at every move .
Watching down on us is people the population elects with their good will , ( Calder ) .
But they abuse the power given to them putting themselves first over the people who elect them .
Some only there for the publicity given to them , most strictly there for the money and authority they gain .
Playing with our emotions to make us feel their beliefs are the only ones right .
The government is an evil and discriminative place , and no one has enough will to ever try and change that .

People will say humans are not inherently evil , and everyone makes mistakes once or twice in their life .
If humans are not evil , then why do they constantly make the mistakes they do regarding the environment , the schools , and the government .
This proving humans are evil and do not deserve the life , and environment they live in .
They constantly ruin the environment , killing the world more and more every day .
Shooting up schools , and bullying children to death , our students in today 's society are poisoned with hate .
The government is discriminative and abuses their power , it poisons the minds of their people and destroys the magnificent places in the world .
What if the world was not evil what might the environment look like , what could our schools be like , what would our government do ?

