The Past Impact

The past has always defined the present and the future of the world .
The past impact the decisions we make today as a country .
When looking back at the past we develop a decision for a situation that impacts the people 's lives .
The past is never death , the past is always helpful when making important decisions .
The present has been impacted by the past situations , the country learns from situations that occurred in the past , defining the decisions we make now .
Protection laws have stayed in order due to the impact it had in the past .
Due to past protest and movements laws have been placed in order to protect certain people or situations .

In September 1962 , a movement was started in order to protect the people that worked extensive hours under the sun with not great working conditions .
The National Farm Workers Associated ( NFWA ) movement , led by Cesar Chavez , was a movement that fought for improvement in the work jobs of the migrant farm workers .
Migrant farm workers were never given a well wages and no health insurance .
Migrant farm workers never had a voice , always denied a decent life in the agricultural fields .
Getting paid less than a dollar , with poorly working conditions , like being around pesticides .
Many farm workers were developing many kind of sicknesses due to being around pesticides and under the sun a lot .
But the farm workers did not receive any medical care when working for the agricultural companies .
For that reason this movement was created in order to develop better working conditions and wages for the migrant farm workers .
This movement brought the problems and poor working conditions of migrant farm workers into cities all around the country , making a big impacted .

Chavez traveled through work areas that had farm workers , meeting with them and talking about the working conditions .
Chavez decided to bring the problems of farm workers out of their jobs and into towns and cities .
This caused the movement to receive more attention into the situation .
During their very first strike the NFWA received their first contract and many more supporters .
Overtime the movement received attention by politics and citizens .
Citizens who were willing to march and fight for the rights of the migrant farm workers .
The National Farm Workers Association movement and boycott lasted five years , making huge changes in the working conditions of the migrant farm workers .
Due to this movement migrant farm workers have received better working conditions and also a better wages .
Today farm workers get paid up to seven dollars rather than less than a dollar .
Migrant farm workers wages and working conditions are still far away from what they need to be , but for that reason we should look back at the past and not forget the awful conditions these workers were working .

Due to the past rights for the people have been developed and have helped them today .
The NFWA movement helped farm workers get better wages and working conditions .
The movement from 1962 defined the future for farm workers .
These past protest and movements have helped people be protected and not discriminate or abused in any way .
We should always take a look back at the past and see how we can improve for the future of the people and the country .