iPhone vs Android

If you own a smartphone you either have and iPhone or an Android .
Which smartphone are you ?
Throughout the years the biggest controversial question is , which one is better ?
According to an estimate from BMO Capital Markets analyst Tim Long , there are now more than 700 million iPhones currently in use worldwide , and 500 million Androids worldwide ( Long ) .
Between an Android and Iphone , I take the side iPhone 's are the better exclude mostly because i am one of them .
To begin , iPhone is a smartphone made by Apple that combines an iPod , a tablet PC , a digital camera and cellular Plus ?
and runs by IOS .
( Apple .
com )
Android is also another exclude operating system used by many other telephone manufactures ( android .
com )
To show , If you own a mobile smartphone that you use on a day to day basis ; then , you are either using iPhone or Android .
But there are many ways that Apple beats the droid7 iPhones are the better phones because they are simpler to use , have better software , and have better apps .

Starting off , iPhones are much simpler to configure than androids , For example , It is much easier to use and to figure out than Android because you also get the option of uninstalling a few pre - installed system applications if you do n't really use them .
iPhone adds simplicity to its UI making it fairly easy for new - adopters .
The absence of multiple options helps users in not getting confused , and in - turn helps in creating an easy user experience deleting is easy ( Wong ) .
To support , iPhones have the ability to delete already pre installed apps that are downloaded on the app already but on android there are apps that you can not delete , which causes clutter and has a much simpler layout .

Although this is true , Android includes a better customizability that iPhones do not offer .
In addition , You 're limited to a few select widgets .
But with Android , you can choose from thousands of widgets that live on your home or lock screens and provide everything from music playback to weather and note taking ( Hill ) .
It 's very easy to theme your phone , you can set up the layout you want on your home screen , add widgets and shortcuts , and even change your entire user interface with launchers ( Loax ) .
In advance , many people like the custombility to the phone considering you can choose many widgets and homepages that iPhones do n't include .
But it makes a lot of clutter and makes it more difficult to navigate .

Yet , the layout and the apps cause the android to become a lot slower and become confusing compared to the simple iphone .
To continue , The unresponsive touchscreen , unnecessary software , overall layout of the home screen is unattractive and difficult to comprehend and the overall cheapness of the phones frustrated Manjoo ( Vaughan - Nichole ) .
Furthermore , The IPhone has sold 421 million phones this year and the Droid has sold 295 million this year so as you can see the IPhone even sells better ( Piltch ) .
The additional apps that are included make the phone a lot slower and make it look a lot cheaper .
As you see there are many more iPhones that are sold more than android .

Even though this is true , most people lean toward buying an android being the cheap cost of the phone .
To support , there are more than half a dozen good Android phones that cost less than $ 250 .
You can get a solid handset like the Moto G5 Plus — which has a 5.2-inch , 1080p display ; a snappy Snapdragon 625 CPU ; and a good 12MP camera ( Piltch ) .
For this reason , most people do n't want to spend a fortune on a phone .
But there are also android phones that cost as much as the iPhone .
But if it is much cheaper it is probably a lot slower and not the best quality .

To contrast , the iphone is worth the price due to the much better software and better quality .
For example , from the article Why iPhones are Worth the Price Brian Merchant , Writer , editor , author of The One Device , on Quora states that iPhones use advanced software and metals that make it run faster because there are highly complex component parts that are included that most android phones do n't include .
That 's why iPhones are 600 dollars or more because of the quality ( Merchant ) .
On the other hand , I think that it is a good reason to spend a lot money on a phone because you want the best quality of a phone and you want fast software without any crashing and bloatware .