Is War Necessary ?

At least 108 million people were killed in wars in the Twentieth Century . , according to Chris Hedges .
These are caused by the unnecessary wars we need .
Some of these wars are caused by the silliest things .
People fight for money , food , clothes , etc .
They do not comprehend what the cost and the new problems they cause .
Often people do not realize what they are doing .
Because their minds blind them from what will happen and what the causes might be after their decisions .
They do not have thought of the consequences of their action and that is what causes an unnecessary war to break out .
Some people do not realize what they are doing to their lives and the lives others until sometimes it is too late .
Because of the problems that can be solved in a better way , there are unnecessary wars going on all over the world that are causing more problems .
War is unnecessary because of the peace we do not get , the benefits , and the damage it causes .

We honestly do not get peace from war .
Equality is key to the beginning of a great relationship it 's what makes peace between others .
Looking at the world wars and observing them how people suffer and die , this not why the humanity was created , it was created to see all the people equal as brothers , not some crazy people fighting for something which ca n't be gained .
Do not think , start to observe and realize .
According to this article Can , We Get Peace by War ?
.
If we have more equality maybe we could not be at war as often as we do .
Although it 's hard to get a great relationship with others , we should not force them to make peace with us .
Then we could possibly be at peace between each other .

Peace can not be kept by force ; it can only be achieved by understanding . , said this article Peace & Inspiration : Great Quotes . , there is no need to force others for peace there are other ways to get peace .
Therefore war is not necessary to have .

There are no benefits from a war it causes more problems .
There is nothing gained from a war it and it does not solve the problems we have in past , present , and future .
Edwin Starr 's song War the song remains one of the most popular and well - known anti - war tracks to this existing day .
But the lyrics ' claim that war is good for absolutely nothing is , in fact , most certainly a gross overgeneralization .
This is according to Luke Burgess .
There is nothing we get out of a war , it is overthinking the problem .
Soldiers come back home not the same as they once were .
Many come back with disorders because of what they went through .
That they do n't want to go through or thought about again .
Suicide by combat veterans is often seen as an extreme expression of PTSD , but currently there is no statistical relationship between suicide and combat , according to a study published in April in the Journal of the American Medical Association Psychiatry .
Combat veterans are no more likely to kill themselves than veterans who were never under fire .
The much - discussed estimated figure of 22 vets a day committing suicide .
According to Sebastian Junger .
Many soldiers come back not the same which causes them to take their lives because they can not handle the thoughts .
That causes them to be afraid of going back and it makes them be ashamed of what they did for our country .
Until we stop the wars that cause us to fall apart , there will be nothing left for us .
That is one of the many problems that war is unnecessary .

The damage war causes is another argument against war .
The United States Army is using too many destructive weapons .
The United States history of military use of air power has seen dramatic changes .
Within the course of the war , the United States was doing much worse , , according to Collateral Damage : A Warfare Challenge . , the army means well but they are causing many types of damage .
Although they are trying to help , it is causing more chaotic problems and more damage .
Most wars cause a lot of negative impacts on the world some more than others .
Negative impacts of war include loss of human lives , economic losses due to the destruction of capital as well as disruption of trade , human suffering , the spread of diseases , displacement of people and destruction of the environment , among others . , according to this article What Are the Negative and Positive Effects of War ? , these wars are causing way too many lives to be lost and too much economic damage and problems .
Even though they are not trying to cause more problems they are though .
That is why we do not need war as a necessity in the world .

War is great because we can eliminate any of the threats that come our way .
We are solving the war by killing these people and this makes more organized societies .
By fighting wars , people have created larger , more organized societies that have reduced the risk that their members will die violently . , according to the article Why War Is Good .
If we have a war we can make more organized societies that reduces the risk of violent death .
It will make more wars come up in the future and cause worry and stress upon others .
Even though war can resolve conflicts , it also makes more problems .
This is why war is unnecessary we do not need it in our lives , it will always stay like that people need to realize there is no need for war .
In conclusion , therefore war is avoidable and we can come up with many different ways to resolve the problem .
People should stop and take a couple of minutes and think of what would happen .
It would make a world of a difference in the world .
The wars would go down tremendously and we would have more world peace in this dying world of death .

