Why Humans Need to Become Vegan

On average , each United States citizen eats 270.7 pounds of meats every year .
Because of this , America eats more meat per person than anywhere else in the world ( Barclay ) .
Becoming vegan has many great effects on the world .
Eating meat and dairy is very harmful to our bodies and can cause many diseases .
The risk of these diseases can be lowered if everyone goes vegan .
Also , the environment is extremely affected negatively by this industry .
Furthermore , animals are treated awful in this industry .
It is simply inhumane .
Because of these reasons , everyone must work harder to stop eating animal products and become vegan .

In the meat and dairy industry the animals are treated horribly .
They are kept in extremely small , crowded crates with no sunlight .
In these crates , the animals can barely move and are surrounded by waste with no fresh air .
In the summer , many of them die from heat strokes because of dangerously high temperatures and the lack of airflow ( How We Treat the Animals We Eat ) .
This is insane and must be stopped .
The way they treat animals in the meat and dairy industry is completely unacceptable .
In the dairy industry , the female cows get artificially impregnated , allowing them to produce milk .
Within 24 hours of having their baby , the calf is taken from them .
This cycle occurs four or five times per cow and at 7 - 8 years old , they are slaughtered even though they can naturally live up to 25 years ( The Dairy Industry ) .
In other words , the mother does not choose to have babies and when they do , they are taken away from them .
This is devastating and very stressful on the mother .

The production of meat and dairy has many atrocious effects on the environment .
Manufacturing meat uses a large amount of the Earth 's water .
It takes approximently 2,500 gallons of water to manufacture a pound of meat , but only twenty - five gallons for a pound of wheat .
Also , the meat and dairy industry uses an extreme amount of fossil fuels and produces many greenhouse gases .
It produces more greenhouse gases than all transportation systems in the world combined .
Shockingly , one single hamburger uses as many fossil fuels as a small car would use driving 20 miles ( How Does Eating Meat Harm the Environment ? )
.
This is unacceptable and is killing the planet .
If everyone went vegan , a tremendous amount of water would be saved and the amount of fossil fuel usage would lessen dramatically .
Also , pollution rates would drop hugley , making the Earth a better place .
The environment suffers so much because of this industry and it is completely outrageous how much money Americans spend to buy these products and support these companies .

Research shows that meat and dairy is very bad for people 's health , especially dairy .
Since it is high in saturated fat , dairy can cause many harmful diseases , including heart disease and type two diabetes .
Dairy can also cause Alzheimer 's disease and increase chances of obtaining breast cancer ( Health Concerns About Dairy ) .
This shows why humans should not continue having dairy in their diets .
Meat too , in many ways , can be harmful to human bodies .
For one , it has high levels of cholesterol ( Smith ) .
Because of this , eating meat increases the risk of heart disease ( 26 Delicious Vegan Sources of Protein ) .
This shows that we should not eat this kind of food .
Another study shows that about 65 percent of the population is lactose intolerant .
In other words , their body is not able to break down the enzymes found in cow 's milk .
Research also shows , that humans are the only species that drinks another species ' milk ( Quora ) .
This displays that it is obviously very unnatural that humans drink cow 's milk .
It is food for the baby calf when they are born , and we should not take that away from them .

Although meat is good protein , you do not need it in your diet to be healthy .
Some say that you need meat to be strong and it is a main source of protein that you must have .
But , there are many other solid sources of protein that are vegan .
Some examples are , tofu , black beans , green peas , oatmeal , edamame , spinach , broccoli , asparagus , green beans , almonds and peanut butter ( 26 Delicious Vegan Sources of Protein ) .
There are many devastating facts about the meat industry , including that about 8.5 billion chickens are slaughtered each year .
Many say that they get good organic , local meat , but in the United States , 99 percent of farm animals are raised on factory farms ( Animals in Factory Farms ) .
It just makes more sense to go vegan and not support this industry of animal abuse and pollution .
Meat and dairy are harmful to human bodies and the environment .
For all of these reasons , America should go vegan as well as the rest of the human population .

