Abuelo Left Life for Vengeance

Life is beautiful , as it is balanced , and painful but delicate .
Every person 's fate was written different , some were written like a Children 's book others like a Stephen King book .
Everyone has a role in life , some people 's roles and intentions are not as pure as others but still maintain balance .
There is nobody you can trust but yourself , the snakes in the grass and land mines in the sand are undetectable but avoidable .
Life is a gift , a lesson , a curse for some , and for the most unfortunate a brief time .
When offsprings are born they have no knowledge in what life is about , they are born with no preferences , no hate , no love , and no way of expressing feelings .
For the most part guardians are the biggest influence on their children .
Children do not learn they simply imitate , whatever the guardian says or has interests in the child 's personality will most likely mirror .
We need to be aware of the people that want everything and do not get everything , they may throw fits and be down in the dumps .
Many take life for granted , there is a reason why you are here for .
Are you able to breathe ?
Are you fortunate enough to have an education ?
Were you blessed with the ability to have three meals per day ?
That is what I thought , reevaluate your values , your upcoming , your blessings , simply be thankful .
Remember to thank your mother and your father and do not be embarrassed to hug or kiss him or her in public because there are some people without that can not do that , and they could be gone tomorrow .
Roberto Clemente once stated : Any time you have an opportunity to make a difference in this world and you do not , then you are wasting your time on Earth .
I believe he was portraying that he has faith that everyone is here for a reason and if you do not achieve the reason , you failed .

There he lied , on that Thanksgiving day of 2011 , cold but not shivering , drenched but not in sweat , hurt but numb , and life continued but not for him as he was murdered .
Francisco Hernandez Paco Rivera was born on October 7 , 1956 .
As a young boy he was commonly what we would call abuse but then was the norm .
He was disciplined by ` la correa ' or ` la chancleta ' .
Paco once murdered a man and did not face the consequences .
He also met a women that came to be my abuela , Ivonne .
They were married at ages 18 and 19 .
Their relationship was sadly toxic , and Abuelo had many affairs and were married two times and divorced twice as well .
They tried to keep their relationship good terms for their kids .
Many times their children Juan Carlos , Sofia , Felipe , and Lulo had to stay with the women that Paco had an affair with and also a child with .
One mistake Paco made was he became a drug dealer , a drug addict , and a weapon trafficker .
The effects after his drug addictions were consistent job loss , constant family dysfunctions , domestic violence , and overall bad decisions .

On the day of his death he received a call from his neighbor to help him with his weed wacker .
Paco being the changed man he was decided to help his fellow neighbor .
The two men were outside trying to fix the weed wacker .
A man that was thirsty for vengeance pulled up at the home and spotted abuelo , he took his gun out , confronted my grandfather and shot him once in the hand and several times in the chest .
There he lied dead as a door nail , mind cleared , nothing to see but loud sound of silence , the cold cruel world fading and melting away .
Paco 's last memories flew and flowed through his head in a matter of seconds .
A big thing I remember that he aspired to do with us , his grandchildren was to go crabbing , I never got to do that .
As a kid he told me that he wanted to do so , I did not have an interest to do it .
Now I do , I realize that I took his life for granted the whole time like the clueless child I was .
I tear up every time I think or write about him .
Sofia , his only daughter said , He always told me not to have fear in life , his best lesson was his death . with a soft voice .
His children believed that he was a phenomenal father , a great grandfather but a terrible husband .

Paco 's life was like a story , he even repent by becoming a history teacher for the children from the low income families in Puerto Rico .
In his neighborhood he arranged and organized sports for the children in the projects .
Paco did this all from his own heart and wallet .
He also organized after school ` en los barrios ' .
My mother , my uncles and abuela has suffered through a lot they lost a father or ex - husband in abuelas case .
They also lost a little brother or again for abuelas case a son , the youngest .
I wish I was old enough to understand the meaning of life a bit more .
I wish I could have even as little as an hour to see them and talk , I would do anything for that .
I miss them so much every time the night is clear and I gaze at the stars I feel their presence by my side .
I just want one more summer with them both .
I felt a connection with him and I felt like a had an unbreakable bond .
I still feel the same way after my mom told me about his mistakes and issues .
This world is full of evil and the good stuff is never reported because the bad stuff over powers the good stuff .
We have our whole life to confess and succeed the way we want .
If my lost ancestors were here they would not want me to miss them , and they would want me to good .
It is the feeling of helplessness that us as a family can not do anything but wait and celebrate their life until we achieved the challenge of life .
As sad as it is nobody realizes how much they miss a person and the person 's death .
Everyone will be gone at one point , their story is already written .
Fate is not changeable , it is also not avoidable because it is all a mystery .
Some may say people are only scared of death for two main reasons , no idea how family will react .
The abyss of time is immeasurable and infinite , no matter if you lost your entire family , you are depressed , you are mentally slow , whatever your excuse may be life will continue and new motivations will pop up .

The fleshy sound of the turkey being rubbed with mami 's special thanksgiving seasoning grossed me out .
Pasame la sazón .
I go to grab the seasoning the oily residue gets on my petite hands .
As I make contact with the sazόn mami 's phone rings , my little brother scurries over from the living room to get it without being asked to do so .
Hola . ..
Sí mami esta aqui . ..
s - he says innocently , and gets the phone snagged out of his petite hands by Felipe .
As Felipe begins to talk he goes down stairs to the basement to light up a cigarette and talk .
Many moments later Felipe 's footsteps scrambled up the stairs .
The stench of tobacco rushed through the room at the same instant as the door is opened , he begins to bounce up and down chanting ¡ Papi , Papi no !
Mami and Felipe converse briefly and exchange words .
My mother collapses to floor sobbing about Paco 's death .
My grandfather 's life was a lesson and different from everybody else 's .
All stories are different .

Life for us as a family has changed a lot .
We would regularly call and visit during the summer .
I owe so much to him , he taught us so much , if it was not for him I would not be here writing this today .
Paco advised his family to move to Massachusetts , preferably a small local town like Southbridge .
The reason for them moving was because he had to stay low and safe because when he killed that man in his earlier years he could have gotten caught .
His daughter went to church every Sunday with her family and the family would have to walk everywhere because they did not have a car .
There was a man that went to the same church and lived in the same town , by the name of Guillermo .
He was eyeing Sofia and she did the same thing .
They began talking then they eventually went out and started dating .
They were married on August 17th , 2002 and on June 11th , 2004 they had a son by the name of Alexander .
A year later they had my little brother , Adrián .
He was born on November 5th , 2005 .
This proves that if it was not for my abuelo I would not have the same dad I have .

Alexander was raised in Leicester for five entire months , then in November they moved to a town where they were the minorities .
Sturbridge , Massachusetts was a very small white based town .
Us three lived together for a year and a few days when the pest by the name of Adrián came along , of course I am kidding .
Adrián was born a very little baby with a big head of hair .
I loved and gave a lot of affection to my little brother .
I did and still do argue with him every once and while .
I did not think about the fact that someday when my parents parish that he will be my closest support and friend .
My brother and I used to wrestle like little cubs .
We still wrestle but harmlessly violent and painful .
I want you , yes you to think , if my grandfather did not kill that man back during his life , would I be alive right now writing this ?
Would I be fortunate to be surrounded by a loving family and supportive school ?
Would I be able to realize the importance of significance of life and values ?

I am happy and overtaken by emotion when I think how much people do for me .
I would like thank all of my family members , teachers , brother , haters , friends , and the most important my parents .
These people are the most genuine people I know .
Sacrifice is what they do , love is what they show , role models is what they are , dedication is their motive , life is what they live .
One may show hatred or betray you but once the sun goes down it was all for a reason and to keep the earth spinning .

The love of money is the root of all evil .
Music is the portrayal of emotion .
Liquor is the Novocaine of life .
Drugs are the amblyopia of mankind .
Hate is the deterioration of life .
Social Status is unrightful .
Statistics are corrupt .
Opinions are assumptions .
We live life with judgement and disgust , and we think with our brains when outside of an academic situation .
We as the human race should live with dedication and forgiveness , and we should think with our hearts .
Discrimination is caused by one being uneducated and pure ignorance .
If we lived like that i strongly feel that we would be in heaven .
Real life is tough and needs balance .
The longer the suffrage the longer the peace .

Picture this : you are stuck on a deserted island by yourself it is scorching you own an empty canteen within a backpack .
Less than fifteen feet away is five bars of solid gold ( 136 pounds . )
Will you take the gold ?
A mile away you spot an oasis with water and to your surprise a small town , did you pick up the gold ?
Did you leave the gold ?
If you chose to take the gold you gained strength from the weight .
You wanted to get to the water as well , you arrive with a sore back and drenched in sweat .
Then you get into the water with your backpack handy .
Your backpack betrays you , before you know it you are drowning and struggling to catch air and float .
You are completely submerged into the water coughing your lungs out .
You feel faint and your body gives up on you .
You have died .
If you were to leave the gold behind and you take a walk to the water you would have been able to survive , but your greediness got you killed The moral of this story is just because it takes less effort to obtain something that required less work does not mean you should go for it .
Reevaluate your values and work hard .
You should take what you need not what you want .

Everyone needs a motivation , Paco 's was his family .
He worked hard for them , he had up and downs .
Like everyone else , he made mistakes .
God wrote his story and he wrote it out as a short life but meaningful and fateful .
Paco worked hard which reflected on top of his four kids .
One of which overdosed and the other got into drugs and ran away .
The other two were highly successful and became teacher 's .
My brother and I are the most fortunate , we live in a home where I have both my mom and dad together .
I have a brother .
My own room .
A pet , a wonderful school system and an acceptable town to live in . what I just did was I just mentioned a portion of my values and home environment .
I love my life , I am grateful to be a minority it makes me and my family tick out in the world .
According to WorldBank , as of 2017 the world population was 7.53 B people , the population of Puerto Rican people as of 2018 3.195 M. 7 . 53 B — 3 .
195 M roughly = 6 B 997 M. As some say we live to die which is very true but when we go we better hope we pursued your dream and goals .
If you left without succeeding your purpose you failed us .
I feel that the rosary I wear is concentrated with all of our ancestors and god .
Every time I wear my rosary I feel safety and I feel secure .
There are days that I feel their presence and their heart 's beat and rhythm .

In conclusion , I believe that everybody goes and when someone leaves it is for a reason .
I spilled my emotions and heart on this .
To teach a lesson , to leave balance here for us , we all go .
You may go as a loser or a legend all that matters is you at least once impacted the world everyone has an opinion on yourself and are entitled to it .
We live to breathe and have a purpose not to curl up and stay .
Paco was a wonderful human being , he made mistakes some worse than others .
He broke hearts with his affairs .
He caused deterioration in families by drug selling , he ruined lives by murders , there was a definite twenty percent chance he murdered others indirectly by weapon and drug trafficking .
Overall he was the best grandfather , teacher , and father you could ever have .
People including my abuelo himself were so blind .
They rather pursue and carry out a murder for pathetic and pitiful vengeance .
The tasteless sense and mind set to kill anything else is terrifying .
We all do make mistakes , we all have the opportunity to learn by them or push it away and leave it in the past .
Which will you choose ?