Is War Needed ?

While we lose so many people in war , yes War is needed because talking works to an certain extent but war is inevitable , and talking and socializing only slows war .
War is used to find out who deserves more territory , personal rights and the Revenge .
If the people do n't think that they are being treated fairly , then they have the right to fight for what they feel is right .
This is what happened in the revolutionary war .
These are all good reasons to go to war , but is war needed to get these items .
Is all the bloodshed and lives worth it ?
Are all of the sacrifices these people go through just to find out these few outcomes ?
Overall , War is needed for nationalism , more territory and for personal rights .

The first reason war is needed is people being treated equally .
Mexican - American War ( 1846 - 1848 ) - This war was fought following the annexation of Texas , with Mexico still claiming the land as their own .
Pretty much the Mexicans fought a war , for Texas The U.S. outfought the Mexicans , retaining Texas and incorporating it as a state .
American Revolution ( 1775 - 1783 ) - The American Revolution gave the 13 North American colonies independence from British rule and established the United States of America Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy .
The Americans fought a war to claim independence from England .
These were two of many examples that war sorted out all of the problems .
In both of those situations they tried to talk and it did n't work , so they went to war and it all got sorted out .

The second reason is territorial gain .
If someone or something really wants something and thinks that they deserve that then they should fight and show that they deserve that thing .
The Serbo - Bulgarian War ( 1885 - 1886 ) - Bulgaria and Serbia fought over a small border town after the river creating the border between the countries moved Washington Post Bulgarian people fought for a small town .
So the Related to buffer zones are proxy wars .
These are conflicts that are fought indirectly between opposing powers in a third country .
Each power supports the side which best suits their logistical , military , and economic interests .
Proxy wars were particularly common during the Cold War .
Is War Necessary ?
.
This means that there were zones were smaller wars for land .
Another reason is the Louisiana Purchase ( 1803 ) was a land deal between the United States and France , in which the U.S. acquired approximately 827,000 square miles of land west of the Mississippi River for $ 15 million .
Louisiana would be less valuable without Saint Domingue and , in the event of war , the territory would likely be taken by the British from Canada .
France could not afford to send forces to occupy the entire Mississippi Valley , so they sold it .
These are just some of the many reasons that Territorial gain is a big part of war .

Seeking to punish , redress a grievance , or simply strike back for a perceived slight can often be a factor in the waging of war .
Revenge also relates to nationalism , as the people of a country which has been wronged are motivated to fight back by pride and spirit .
World War II ( 1939 - 1945 ) - The rise of the Nazi Socialist Party and Germany 's eventual domination of the European continent were direct results of the Treaty of Versailles , which imposed strict punishments on Germany Said Rossman , Sean .
In other words the Nazi Party were going to war with with everyone who had hurt Germany .
War on Terror - The September 11th attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001 prompted President George W. Bush to initiate a war on terror .
This global war began with an invasion of Iraq and is ongoing , said Gannett Satellite Information .
Pretty much the attack on the international trade center was getting revenge on America .
These are just more reasons that talking does n't do the things that war relsoves .

These few reasons show that talking does n't resolve as much as war does .
War is not needed for any of that .
As Matured people we can socialize , and get through the problems that us as a whole face .
War does n't tell you half the stuff you need to know .
Talking works to a certain extent but war is inevitable .
War is needed and used for many things these were just a few reasons .
Do you think war is needed ?

