Abortion it should be the woman 's choice , but in some places a women do not get to make that decisions .
Abortion is a touchy subject for some people .
Abortion has only be here since the late 1900s but many people address it is a terrible thing and should be illegal .
But Abortion should be allowed everywhere because it is the woman decision , it is not bad , and the female might not be ready for a baby .

Womens should have the rights to have a abortion .
Abortion is a decision that all women should have a right to .
Every woman , no matter where she lives , should have access to abortion when she needs it .
But because of all the restrictive laws passed by state politicians , a woman 's ability to access abortion often depends on her zip code ( Abortion Archives ) .
This means a women does not get to decide for her own body .
Do we live in a country that does not even let a women decide what she wants for her body .
This why abortion should be allowed everywhere .

Many people say abortion should be allowed .
This is what people say about abortion .
About six - in - ten U.S. adults ( 59 % ) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases , compared with 37 % who say it should be illegal all or most of the time ( Lipka ) .
So most people say abortion should be legal .
We live in a free country so why should n't abortion be legal in every state .
Abortion should be allowed everywhere in the U.S.A .

BLANK
The female might be ready for a baby .
There are many reason why women get abortion .
Some of the following are it would interfere with there education , they can not afford a baby , or they were a rape victim .
There are many reason why womens get abortions and it not just because they do not want a baby .
Because of this evidence should this be allowed , if the woman is a rape victim or maybe there not in good health for a baby should she still not be allowed to have an abortion .
Abortion is not bad and it helps many people .

Abortion should be allowed everywhere because it is the woman decision , it is not bad , and the female might not be ready for a baby .
Some people may say abortion is a terrible thing because the woman is ending a life .
Abortion is the ending of a pregnancy when you remove the fetus of the uterus .
Although people say abortion is bad because you are ending a life , but when does someone 's life actually start .
Abortion is not bad , we live in a free county .
It is a decins that a woman should get to make .
So should abortion be legal or should it not .

