Agent Orange

Agent Orange was a dangerous and powerful chemical .
Agent Orange was used to destroy tree cover so the American bomber planes and helicopters could see the Vietnamese soldiers .
In other wars that took place in jungles , the allies or enemies could not see the enemy under the thick tree cover .
Agent Orange destroys the trees leaves so people can see the ground from the air .
Agent Orange should have been contained while being used in the Vietnam War .

Agent Orange is a very dangerous chemical and should have had a cure to it before they released it over the whole Vietnamese jungle .
When people are exposed to deadly chemical combination people start to have acne - like rashes , says Mayo Clinic .
It gives you a condition where clumps of protein clump in the tissue of your body .
Over four million people died from Agent Orange .
Over three million people have suffered illnesses because of Agent Orange .
There is a test to see if you have been exposed to high amounts of chlorine and the other chemicals in Agent Orange .
Sadly the test does n't confirm or deny if you have been exposed to the dangerous chemicals .

Agent Orange was made as a half - life chemical .
A half - life chemical means that it can survive and not deteriorate fast .
Agent Orange when 10 to 15 years old being in the soil it is at its half - life expectancy .
The chemical combination will remain largely unchanged when in the soil that long .
Agent Orange 's life should n't be as long as it should be .
When the powder is digested it could hurt animals that might eat the chemicals out of the soil .
Agent Orange destroys plants so the farmers of Vietnam can not make a living because the chemicals destroy their crops and will not let them grow properly .

Agent Orange was not contained at all .
The dangerous chemicals were poured everywhere and destroyed many trees .
American troops dumped more than 20 million gallons over the Vietnamese jungle .
When the Vietnam veterans came back home they reported symptoms of being exposed to high amounts of Agent Orange .
Our own soldiers were being poisoned by our own weapon of war .

Agent Orange should have been carefully used in the Vietnam War .
Some people would say if we did n't spread Agent Orange randomly , we would n't be able to see secret Vietnamese camps , we also would n't be able to see infantry from the air and bomb them .
If U.S. troops did n't spread Agent Orange everywhere then Vietnam Veterans would not be dying from our own weapon .
Agent Orange was a very powerful weapon in Vietnam .

