The Importance Of Being Earnest

In The Importance Of Being Earnest , by Oscar Wilde , Algernon and Jack both fake the name of Ernest in order to marry the women they want .
Who only want to marry particularly if the name is Ernest .
Gwendolen and Cecily both believe that if their name is Ernest then they must be earnest .
The women wanting a man only for the name of Ernest indicates their social expectations .
The name of someone should not indicate the personality or expectations of the person .

A name should not characterize someone 's personality and their beliefs .
Jack in Act Ⅰ was Ernest , later being discovered by Algernon .
Jack explained to Algernon by stating that he is Ernest in town and Jack in the country .
( The Importance Of Being Earnest Act Ⅰ )
Jack uses the name of Ernest as an escape to get out the country and have some fun .
Jack 's lies and ways to get some fun does not show how earnest he truly should be .
A name should not characterize a person 's sincerity and intense conviction .
Gwendolen reveals her true attraction to Jack an it 's because of the name Ernest .
Gwendolen explains that the name inspires absolute confidence .
( The Importance Of Being Earnest Act Ⅰ )
Meanwhile what Gwendolen does not know is that it is not his real name .
Meaning that once revealed there will be no confidence and trust between the two .
For that reason a name should not characterize a person .
Social expectations should not be defined by someone 's name however for their actions and sincerity .

Expectations over a person should never be defined by their name .
For instance , when Algernon met Cecily , Cecily greeted him as my wicked cousin Ernest .
( The Importance Of Being Earnest Act Ⅱ )
Ernest in the view of Cecily was a profligate as Jack described him in Act Ⅰ. Since due to his rebellious acts Jack always had to leave the country .
Ernest was not as earnest as he should have been due to his name .
One 's name can mean anything or nothing compared to the person .
Before Algernon arrives at Jack 's country home , Cecily was talking with Miss Prism about wanting to meet her cousin Ernest .
Cecily had stated that she feared he will look just like everyone else .
( The Importance Of Being Earnest Act Ⅱ )
Due to his misbehavior in the city .
Cecily did not wanted a bad boy to look like everybody else .
Especially the bad boy that she fell in love who was also called Ernest .
Cecily expected Ernest to be earnest with a little side of bad boy .
Expectations should be never put on someone based on their name .
Indications should be based on the person 's personality instead of their name and it 's meaning .

The name of person should not indicate the personality or expectations of the person .
For that reason there should not be an importance behind earnest and Ernest .
One 's name can mean anything and/or nothing at all .
A person 's actions should indicate their personality and not their birth name .
Social expectations on a person should not be defined by their name however by their action and sincerity .