Why the Kickoff Must Be Changed in Every Football League in America

Eric LeGrand took off down the field sprinting full speed .
He searched the field for a player not wearing a Rutgers jersey .
As he spotted the ball carrier , he prepared himself to make the tackle .
He lowered his shoulder , but he still ran his head into the ball carrier 's shoulder pads .
Because LeGrand had been running full speed for 55 yards when he hit his head on the ball carrier , he had a severe spinal cord injury paralyzing him .
Football is a risky sport .
To make it less dangerous , every football league should change the most dangerous play in football , the kickoff .
The National Football League must change kickoffs in football because they hurt the players , and they make games hard to watch .

Kickoffs must be changed because it hurts youth and high school players .
Many people are scared anytime there is a kickoff in the younger leagues .
According to a medical doctor , Mishra , Yes that 's right , I literally hold my breath on kickoffs when I ' m standing on the sideline .
It is insane that a person has to hold their breath on kickoffs because kickoffs are dangerous .
The easiest way to change the youth and high school leagues would be to change the National Football League .
According to Geier , If the NFL led the way , college , high school and youth football would quickly follow suit .
The high school has followed behind many National Football League rule changes especially when it is for the safety of the players .
Because the kickoff hurts young football players , it should be changed .

The kickoff is a dangerous play .
Statistics show that kickoffs are more dangerous than any other play .
According to Burke , Last season , the injury rate was 1.6 % on runs , 1.5 % on passes , 1.3 % on punts , and 2.0 % on kickoffs .
The injury rate is much higher on kickoffs .
The reason kickoffs are dangerous is simple .
Mervosh says , Kickoffs , during which players sprint down the field and can knock into each other at full speed , had previously represented an outsize number of concussions .
Because kickoffs consist of players running full speed into each other .
There are too many injuries in football , which is one reason why the kickoff must be changed .

Kickoffs make football less fun to watch .
Kickoffs must be interesting if people want to keep them in the game even though they are dangerous .
According to Sherman , The majority of kickoffs are touchbacks , and the vast majority of kickoffs that are actually returned are routinely covered by the 30-yard line .
If kickoffs are not normally entertaining plays and they are dangerous , the National Football League should replace them .
Most of the time the play does not even happen .
Foxsports says , And when you factor in that 56 percent of all kickoffs were touchbacks last year , there does n't seem to be much of a reason to bother lining everybody up to run the play .
Touchbacks happen when the kicker kicks the ball behind the endzone and when it happens the ball gets moved to the twenty - five yard line .
If kickoffs make the game worse , the National Football League must change them to something more entertaining .

There are reasons why the National Football League would keep the kickoff .
People image the kickoff as a historic part of the game .
Sherman writes about the Atlanta Falcons ' president , who says , We understand that it 's been a historical part of the game , McKay said , and nobody wants to mess with the history part of the game unless it need be .
It 's one we continue to look at .
While it is true that the National Football League should continue looking at it , the rest of this statement is false .
Sherman states the kickoff was taken from rugby when rugby games used to start with a kickoff .
Another reason why the National Football League should keep the kickoff is that the kickoff is a play that creates a great deal of momentum .
According to foxsports , There are many ways to make the NFL safer .
Eliminating one of the most exciting parts of the game should not be one of them .
Granted kickoffs can be exciting , most of the time they are not even a play .
The majority of the time the kicker kicks the ball out of the back of the end zone and the offense starts on the twenty - five yard line .
Even when the returner sprints far down the field , normally they run around everyone and do not dodge anyone .
The National Football League must change its kickoff for many reasons .

Kickoffs must be changed because they hurt young players , kickoffs injure professional and college players , and they make the games harder to watch .
People become frightened when kickoffs happen in younger age leagues .
Kickoffs have a higher chance of injury than any other play .
Kickoffs are a kicker kicking the ball out of the back of the endzone most of the time .
Because kickoffs consist of players running full speed at each other and slamming into each other , kickoffs are unsafe .
Football has always been a dangerous sport , but the kickoff is too perilous .
Football is one of the most popular sports and the kickoff is one of the least popular plays .
How many people could be healthy if there were no kickoffs ?