Where Someone Grows up Affect Who They Become

Have you ever heard the story of Tarzan , he was raised by a group of apes .
As he grew up he acted like a ape and walked like a ape , but he was really just a human .
Where Tarzan grew up and who he grew up with affected who he became .
I grew up in a small town in 2017 I moved to Elk Rapids , Virginia .
Before I moved my friends and I would have mud fights , after my family moved we had to adapt to the fun things that people did Elk Rapids .
Where someone grows up affects who they become .

If an individual grows up in a violent neighborhood they are more likely to become violent .
Children of domestic violence are three times more likely to repeat the cycle in adulthood , as growing up with domestic violence is the most significant predictor of weather or not someone will be engaged in domestic violence later in life ( cdv . org ) .

Studies have shown the more time spent in a bad area or neighborhood can affect your actions later in life .
Research out of Harvard on why neighborhoods matter .
The takeaway : the earlier a child moves to a good neighborhood , the better their long term outcomes will be , including how much they earn and whether they attend college .
Their findings are clear : The earlier a family moved to a good neighborhood , the better the children 's long run outcomes .
The effects are symmetric , too , with extra year in a worse neighborhood leading to worse long run outcomes .

Most important , they find that extra year of childhood exposure yields roughly the same change in longer run outcomes , but that beyond age twentythree , further exposure has no effect .
That is , what matters is not just the quality of your neighborhood , but also the number of childhood years that you are exposed to it ( stateofopportunity . virginiaradio . org ) .

On the other hand , Joanna Dennehy grew up in a loving and supporting home , but later in life she became a proud serial killer .
Joanna is now 31 and she has killed several people , when she saw the killings on T.V. she danced a little jig and smiled .
After she had killed her second victim , she called her friend and sang the song `` Oops ... I Did It Again by '' Britney Spears .
Joanna did not realise how strange she was acting .
`` She did n't realise how bizarre that behaviour was , `` said Professor David Wilson an expert on serial killers .
`` The dividing line between fantasy and reality had become utterly blurred '' .
This would show that not all individuals that grow up in a good community do not end up being good people .

Therefor , violence and just the general area of where a person grew up is a big impact on who a person becomes later in life .
For example Tarzan did not act like a ape simply because he wanted to , but because that 's all he knew .
In conclusion , where a person grows up affects who they become .
