If we work together . ..
we 'll give the world an opportunity to see what it is like to save and have a better life .
These words spoken by Sam Walton , founder of the largest retailer in the world , Walmart , encouraged his employees and reminded them of the promise that they had made to customers when Walmart opened in 1962 .
Ever since that day , Walmart has fulfilled its promise to save its customers money .
In the article Why Walmart is Winning in a Losing Industry by Louis Efron , one can find the ways that Walmart has succeeded in the highly competitive retail market and kept its customers coming back .
One should invest in Walmart because it never loses sight of its core purpose , and both its customers and employees are loyal .

First , since day one , Walmart has strived to complete its simple and unwavering goal of saving people money .
According to the article , Despite its current size and history ( Walmart employs one percent of America , 2.2 million people worldwide ) , the organization has never lost sight of this purpose .
As one can see , Walmart has one goal that it tries to achieve .
Walmart is not focused on anything other than helping people have a better life .
In fact , in the article , Efron states , Walmart makes a point of keeping its costs down so it can sell products for less .
Walmart makes small changes such as having simple , low cost corporate offices and requiring that all employees empty their own trash in order to lower prices .
This illustrates Walmart 's great commitment to its promise .
Walmart 's laser sharp focus does n't leave room for unnecessary expenses , so potential investors can be sure that their money will be used to save other people 's money .

Second , because of Walmart 's goal of saving people money , customers and employees alike see value in Walmart that is absent from other retailers .
According to Efron , Because of Walmart 's ability to effectively fulfill its purpose , customer loyalty is strong and personal .
This explains the way that customers see Walmart .
Customers see Walmart as the place that they can trust to offer the lowest prices on the products they need .
Later in the article , it is stated that if you want to save money or are passionate about helping others do so , Walmart is a good fit , and , if new recruits are personally cost - conscious and frugal , they will stay focused on what is important to them and ultimately to Walmart and its customers .
As one can see , Walmart attracts employees that will positively influence the business .
They , just like Walmart , want to save people money .
With strong loyalty among both customers and employees , Walmart is well - equipped to continue to grow for years to come .

It is possible for one to see Amazon as a better investment opportunity as , according to the article What is the Secret of Amazon 's Huge Success ?
Jeff Bezos Credits Commitment to These 3 Principles by Sonia Thompson , Amazon has developed a degree of intimacy with customers .
However , it could be argued that Walmart has an even deeper and personal relationship with its customers than Amazon .
Every day 2.2 million Walmart employees , are expected to serve customers that rely on them to offer the lowest prices , and every day Walmart delivers .
This explains why Walmart is clearly the better investment opportunity over Amazon .

In conclusion , since 1962 Walmart has kept its promise of saving people money .
Because Walmart has not deviated from that goal and has kept its loyal customers returning due to low prices and caring employees , Walmart is not only surviving but thriving in a cutthroat industry that is incredibly competitive , and it would be a fantastic company to invest in .
If one was to drive past the Walmart headquarters in Bentonville , Arkansas , they would be met with a large sign adorned with Walmart 's slogan .
It reads , Save Money .
Live Better .
This embodies Sam Walton 's dream since the very beginning .
He once said , High expectations are the key to everything , and Walmart 's success proves that he is right .