Their Choice

In fact , today up to 90 percent of marriages in India and 60 percent of all marriages in the world are arranged ( Toledo ) .
The world is a really messed up place people are being killed , taken from their families .
There are also wars going on .
Yet more than half of the worlds marriages are arranged .
The idea of having your parent choose who you marry is terrible .
The reasons why having your parents arrange your marriage is terrible is because some parents are really irresponsible and should not be qualified to choose who their child marries , also if parents arrange marriages some people could suffer , and if parents arrange the marriage then there is way more of a possibility of the marriage ending .

The first topic that we will go over on why parents arranging marriages is a terrible idea is because , some parents are really irresponsible and should not be qualified to choose who their children marries .
An article found on Washington Post says , She does not like working and has struggled to hold anything other than minimum - wage , part - time jobs but loves spending money on shoes , jewelry , restaurants and gifts ( Singletary ) .
This quote show one of many reasons why some parents should not be qualified to choose who their children marry .
In this quote this kids are explaining how their mother does not like to work .
They are also explaining how instead of paying the bills their mother would spend all the money she earned on shoes and other things that she wanted .
However , this is not the only reason that parents should not choose who their children marry .

The second reason why parents should not arrange their children 's marriages is because some people will suffer .
This is shown in Romeo and Juliet in Act 5 , Scene 1 Her body sleeps in Capel 's monument , and her immortal part with angels lives ( Shakespeare ) .
Act 5 , Scene 1 also says Than these poor compounds that thou mayst not sell .
I sell thee poison ; thou hast sold me none .
Farewell , buy food , and get thyself in flesh .
Come , cordial and not poison , go with me to Juliet 's grave , for there must I use thee ( Shakespeare ) .
In this part of the story Romeo thinks that Juliet is dead and he plans to visit Juliet 's grave and commits suicide .
This part of the story also shows why parents should not arrange their children 's marriage because if Juliet 's parents never tried to get her to marry Paris then maybe she would not of been in such of a rush to marry Romeo .
Next we will explore the last reason why parents should not arrange who their children marry .

The last topic on arranged marriages that we will go over is if parents arrange who their children marry then there is a higher chance of the marriage ending .
According to Womens Web The global divorce rate for arranged marriages is 6 % ( Womens Web ) .
This quote means that because the marriages were arranged the couple might not have anything in common .
This could also mean that because the marriage is arranged that the couple might not get along .
This could also mean that the couple might not know each other that well so that could be why the marriage did n't last .
If parents did n't arrange their children 's marriage it might last longer .

After exploring that some parents are really irresponsible , that people could suffer , and that marriages have way more of a possibility of ending we can see why parents not arranging their children 's marriages is important .
The decision to marry someone is a very big deal that has a huge effect .
When parents arrange their children 's marriages they are opening them up to a life of frustration and pain .
While if the children have their own choice in who they marry they could be way happier .
Some parents are also very irresponsible and would choose who their children marry incorrectly .
On the other hand the child could be very responsible and intelligent and choose a way better option of who they marry .