Is it fair that college athletes do n't get paid even though they bring in millions of dollars to their school ?
In spite of the fact that they are still young , I think that they should get paid .
There is disagreement over whether college athletes should get paid .
Some think that college athletes should get paid for playing their sport because they bring in billions of dollars for their schools .
Others think that they should n't get paid because they already have a free education so why should they school give them more .
College athletes should get paid because they bring in so much money for their schools .

Some might think that college athletes make a lot of money , but in fact all , of the money that the school gets from the athlete playing there goes straight to the school .
Colleges make millions of dollars every yearbecause of the top prospects playing for their schools but the athlete that is putting all the work in gets nothing .
According to the NCAA college athletes are n't allowed to be paid any part of the money that they bring into their schools .

Top coaches make millions of dollars every year .
While the athletes themselves get nothing .
Why should the athletes have to suffer when they are doing most of the work .
Athletes spend up to 37 hours working at their craft , and they also have to do good in school .
They spend a lot of time trying to do the best that they can .
So why should n't they get paid a little bit of the money that comes into the school from them trying their hardest , and spending all that time trying to get better .

To illustrate the fact that by college athletes playing sports they are risking their futures to go any further in that sport , but they do n't get much in return .
If an athlete gets severely injured that worries teams that it could happen again .
So they might not want to take the risk of drafting that player .
So , if they could get hurt and not have a future in that sport any more why should n't they get paid for risking their futures .

On the other hand , some disagree that college athletes should get paid , because it costs so much to run the program .
Also , because they get mostly a free education so , why pay them when they are getting a free education so why should they school give them even more .
Additionally , some people still view athletes as kids so , why should the schools pay them if the are n't even an adult yet .

All in all , is it fair that college athletes do n't get paid when they put in all the work .
The athletes ' everything for their schools so they should get paid to do so in my eyes .
So , I think that college athletes should get paid to play .