Should Artificial Christmas Trees be Banned

Nothing says Christmas like a fake plastic tree made in a factory on the other side of the earth .
For some families , it is a tradition to go get a real Christmas tree , cut it down by hand , and bring it home to decorate it .
For others , it is going out to a store and buying a fake tree with lights already on it .
While it is easier to go buy a tree , the experience of going and cutting it down is wonderful .
The smell of pine needles in the air , roaming around the house .
Artificial trees are dangerous towards humans , a fire hazard , and are unhealthy for the environment .

Fake Christmas trees are bad for humans .
The materials in artificial trees are harmful to humans .
PVC plastics release dioxins over time , these dioxins are extremely harmful to humans and can cause many serious health issues ( Real vs. Fake Artificial Christmas Tree Types - Facts & Comparison ) .
The PVC plastics that make up an artificial tree are extremely harmful to humans .
Most of the artificial trees are manufactured in China and contain two major components .
PVC , a petroleum - based plastic , and lead used to stabilize PVC .
When the lead breaks down it turns into lead dust , which is released into the air , poisoning everyone ( Is Your Artificial Christmas Tree Toxic ? )
.
Lead keeps the PVC plastics stable , and when the lead breaks down it is released into the air and poisons everyone in the house .
Artificial Christmas trees are dangerous for humans .

Artificial Christmas trees are a fire hazard .
Pre - lit artificial trees are a cause of artificial tree fires .
A pre - lit artificial tree can pose electrical shock hazards from exposed wiring , wiring that is too short , or cords are not plugged in completely .
( Live Versus Artificial Christmas Trees : Here 's What You Should Know to Lower Your Fire Risk . )
.
There are many components that could lead to a fire caused by an artificial Christmas tree .
The plastic that makes up the artificial tree is just as flammable as the lights .
Underwriters Laboratories Inc. recently found that pre - lit artificial trees can be as much as a fire hazard in your home , as a dry tree ( Artificial Christmas Trees Can Be A Fire Hazard . )
.
Most people water their real Christmas tree , so an artificial tree poses more of a threat to catch fire .
Since artificial Christmas trees are a fire hazard , they should be banned .

Artificial Christmas trees are harmful to the environment .
While Artificial trees might be convenient , they get made in a factory and shipped around the world .
To manufacture an artificial Christmas tree , PVC plastic , steel , and aluminum are needed , plus cardboard for the packaging and resources to ship the trees from Asia , where most of them are made ( Are Real or Artificial Christmas Trees Better for the Environment ? )
.
PVC is a petroleum - based , non - biodegradable plastic .
Once you throw your artificial tree away , it will be in the landfill forever .
And because the plastic fibers are fused and glued to the metal frame , artificial trees ca n't be recycled ( Help Earth : Buy a Real Christmas Tree ! )
.
Once an artificial tree gets thrown away , it will be in a landfill forever , therefore is harmful to the environment .

Most of the pollen that causes allergic reactions to come from trees , weeds , and grasses .
These plants make small , light and dry pollen grains that travel by the wind .
Pollen gets into Christmas trees and gets carried into houses and people with pollen allergies ca n't be around these trees and therefore must use a fake Christmas tree .
When people buy a real Christmas tree and discard them at the end of the season , they are hurting the environment and increasing their carbon footprint .
Whereas when someone has an artificial tree and reuses it , they are saving the environment by conserving their tree .
Plant - related pollen allergies can sometimes be triggered by real Christmas trees .
But by late November and early December , when such trees are harvested , pollen production has long since ceased .
This means that most people with pollen allergies will not be bothered by real trees ( Christmas Tree Fact Guide ) .
Do n't feel bad about cutting down a tree for the holiday .
Christmas trees are crops grown on farms , like lettuce or corn .
They are not cut down from wild forests on a large scale , said Bert Cregg , an expert in Christmas tree production and forestry at Michigan State University ( Real vs. Artificial Christmas Trees : Which Is the Greener Choice ? )
.

While some people like to go cut down a real Christmas tree , others would rather go to the store and purchase an artificial tree .
The plastics in artificial trees are harmful to humans .
The lights and cords on the tree are a fire hazard .
Finally , artificial trees can not be recycled because of PVC plastic , therefore , they are harmful to the environment .
Because of the reasons stated above , artificial Christmas trees should be banned .

