Medical Marijuana Should not be Legalized in the U.S .

A complex but yet simple debatable statement that has been asked for centuries .
Most of the United States believe that it 's just and act of violence to be held behind the bars .
For it to be a pursuit of cash when exchanging the goods .
Well , medical marijuana is marijuana as recommended by a doctor in the treatment of a medical condition .
Twenty nine out of fifty U.S States allowed medical marijuana to be legalized , the other twenty one states prohibited the use and trade of it .
This means that twenty nine U.S. states have allowed the usage of medical marijuana to those who have unbearable pain to end their suffering .
What happens when it falls into the wrong hands for the wrong purposes or , what can be a substitute for marijuana .
What happens if it affects the brain ?
Even though it aides most of the pain , this can be the start of addiction .

The Green Goddess , Mary Jane , pot , good giggles , and the devils leaf .
Those are the most common name for marijuana also known as the scientific term Cannabis .
What used to be cultivated in Central Asia is now branching worldwide .
Cannabis has led to two FDA - approved medications that contain cannabinoid chemicals in pill form .
According to Rehab International , many disapprove of medical marijuana because they believe it is a step toward legalizing all illicit drugs for general use .
Although , others argue that it is safer than alcohol , which is legal , and that medical cannabis provides a safe and natural treatment for a variety of chronic issues .
Prescription drugs are also addictive and can lead to addiction .
Compared to other medications , proponents of medical marijuana argue that marijuana is much safer for the patient and less damaging to the body in the long run ( Rehab International ) .
When making a connection to this sentence , it refers to the medication Vicodin , OxyContin , Valium , Xanax , and Stimulant .
These medications can substitute for medical marijuana but can lead to addiction .
The biggest concern of those against medical marijuana is that prescription medication would be abused either by the patient legally purchasing the drug or by those who would steal or purchase the medication illegally .
They are both an addiction to citizens .
There is also concern that many who do n't need marijuana prescriptions will lie to doctors in order to procure a medication marijuana card .

Despite the restrictions and federal regulations of marijuana establishments and membership cards , there are people out there who abuse the whole system .
Under any circumstances , this is following by addiction and drug abuse itself .
When addicted , cannabis hits the hippocampus , the region of the brain that regulates short - term memory , prevents the brain on learning new things .
Individuals who have smoked cannabis preformed around eighteen percent worse in short - term memory test than those who have never smoked cannabis ( Grinspoon ) .
These tests have been scientifically proven by Drug Experts .
Since that medical marijuana sometimes consist of a number of toxic chemicals ( such as ammonia and hydrogen cyanide ) , long - term exposure can damage the bronchial passages and the lungs .
Out of the respiratory system , THC ( the active compound in cannabis ) exits the lungs and enters the bloodstream , where it moves through the body ( Grinspoon ) .
The Nation Institute on Drug Abuse cautions that the chemical can increase the heart rate by as many as fifty beats per minute , which can last as long as three hours .
This provides a greater aspect for an heart attack .
Although these symptoms rarely , individuals are still at risk for them .

When medical marijuana falls into the wrong hands , it reduces a change in behavior .
Around six percent of twelfth graders smoke or take medical marijuana daily .
Parents have noticed changes in their behavior and actions .
A synthetic formulation of THC has been approved by the federal government to treat nausea , prevent sickness , and vomiting from chemotherapy in cancer patients ( Joffe ) .
This means that medical marijuana can treat different sickness to help the patients .
Citizens with epilepsy who take medical marijuana see progress in moths without have any serious seizures .
Medical cannabis helps people with anxiety to calm them down , bipolar disorder is being reduced , and psychosis is reducing its numbers for cures ( Grinspoon ) .

Although there is many medical conditions that medical cannabis and reduce , treat , and maybe even prevent .
About eighty three percent of the United States agree a yes for the legalization of medical marijuana some surveys say .

Individuals say that medical cannabis benefits for people who have a type of sickness or mental illness .
This is true but however , this can lead to addiction / drug abuse like it said before .
People lie to receive medical marijuana and use it without hesitation prior to his / her health .
In conclusion , some studies show that it is a better option to not be prescribed medical cannabis .
Even though is prevents pain , in some cases it 's toxic for the lungs .
Therefore , medical marijuana should not be legalized in the United States of America .

