Reverse Racism Should be Stopped

We may be made of different races , but we are all one nation .
Together , as a nation , need to work together to move on from what happened and get rid of true racism .
Using the race card is not a successful way to work together .
In fact , the more our nation uses fake racism / the race card as an excuse , the more our nation drifts apart from each other , the more we get separated by race and become a divided nation .
When a nation works together , it becomes stronger .

What 's the difference between real / fake racism ?
Well , If the white man did not say anything racist , you can not accuse him of racism .
( The University star ) .
So if a man did not say something racist and was just arguing with you because he disagrees with your opinion , not your race , he is , therefore , not racist until he is proven so .
Although we are working together to get rid of it , there will always be some sort of form of all evil .
Racism : a belief that race is the primary determinant of human traits and capacities and that racial differences produce an inherent superiority of a particular race .
( Merriam Webster )
In other words , racism is thinking that one specific race is superior above the rest based on physical traits like skin colour , eye colour , hair colour and other physical traits that only apply to certain races .
This is the true definition of racism and an example of fake racism .

White people typically take most of the blame when it comes to racism due to their racist past , but it feels like people have forgotten that being white is a race and therefore , racism applies to them to .
What is a race ? ...
An individual can report as White , Black or African American , ...
( Race - Ethnicity ) .
What this means is that no matter what you have a race and that racism can and does apply to you .
Now back what was said at the very beginning of this essay , fake racism is used as an excuse and continues to drive our nation apart .
I agree .
Racism can come from everyone .
Minorities are the most racist people I have ever met .
Long story short , bring on the war already let 's get this settled .
( Black people can not be racist and here 's why ) .
This is a prime example of how our nation should not act together .
Every race can be racist and every race can suffer from racism .

A lot of our problems as a nation come from past racism .
Like what was said about a million times now ( but is still very true ) , our nation as one needs to acknowledge the past , fix it , and move on to work together to protect our future generations from the evil that once haunted our nation .
I think that some black people use racism as an excuse .
I think all people need to move on and stop living in the past .
Ppl need to be judged by their character not their color . ..
All races included .
( Whisper ) .
So basically , what she means is that ( it 's not all black people , majority of it is though ) our nation needs to move on from past racism and move on to defeat racism that is present now .
There are people trying to form laws Because , in the popular mind , race is linked to physical differences among peoples , and such features as dark skin colour have been seen as markers of low status , some experts believe that racism may be difficult to eradicate . move on to work together to protect our future generations from the evil that once haunted our nation .
There are people trying to form laws Because , in the popular mind , race is linked to physical differences among peoples , and such features as dark skin colour have been seen as markers of low status , some experts believe that racism may be difficult to eradicate .
( Britannica ) .
So in other words , there are people working together , but they ca n't do it alone .
So in summary , racism is a problem for all races and our nation is trying to defeat this great evil , but their attempts are fetale without help .

Our country needs to put the past behind us and move on to become a united nation .
Some people might say that reverse racism is a myth and that our country is fine just as it is .
Well , that simply is not true .
There are people everywhere that are too scared to express their opinion , for fear being called racist and losing their job .
There are people out there that are accused of being racist just because they disagreed with something someone said .
If we recognize the problem , fix it , and move on , then , will we truly become a united nation .

