Sharks are Important

Imagine if sharks were killed and gone forever .
It would be crazy !
The food chain would fall because sharks are at the top of the food chain .
If sharks were gone , the ocean would never be the same again .
Sharks help keep the food chain in the process and it is healthy for the smaller fish .
They can also teach people the speed and efficiency in the water and for those reasons sharks are important .

Sharks help keep the food chain in place .
Without sharks the ocean will be unbalanced .
They are at the top of the chain ( Seallife )
Since sharks do not have any predators it is at the top of the food chain .
Populations of other fish could go down too .
`` Removal of an apex predator can result in an increase in smaller predators , which causes an overall decline in prey populations '' ( Beren ) .
Not only prey population but plants too , like algae .
This is why sharks are important .

Sharks also keep the ocean healthy .
Everything is in place with sharks being a big sea animal .
They keep populations of other fish healthy and in proper proportion for their ecosystem ( Kennedy ) .
Healthy fish equal a healthy ocean .
They eat the old and unhealthy fish .
`` They tend to eat very efficiently after the old , sick or slower fish in a population that they prey upon , keeping that population healthy '' ( `` Sharks Keep Food Web in Balance '' ) .
Sharks are healthy fish eaters .
For these reasons sharks are important to our world .

Sharks can also help cure diseases .
Some things sharks have on their bodies can help cure people .
Shark tissue appears to have anticoagulant and antibacterial properties ( Sharks Role in the Ocean ) .
Sharks tissue goes against bad bacteria and helps get rid of bad diseases .
People are trying to find cures to viruses .
`` Scientists are studying it in hopes of finding treatments for a number of medical conditions , including viruses and cystic fibrosis '' ( `` Sharks Role in the Ocean '' ) .
If they find treatments for people , this will make people so much healthier .
Sharks are important because they can cure diseases .

Sharks help keep the food chain in process and it is healthy for the smaller fish .
They can also teach people the speed and efficiency in the water and for those reasons sharks are important .
Some people say sharks are not important because they harm humans .
In a year an average of thirty eight people die a year in the whole world .
Sharks are really important because the ocean would be destroyed without sharks as leaders in their territory .
Sharks do not deserve to be put aside because they do matter to our world .
Imagine if sharks were gone things would be a lot different .

