Imagine , the largest boat you have ever been on starts to sink officials start to shove woman and children on lifeboats , leaving plenty of space behind .
You get abandoned , and thus you drown .
A total of 1,503 people died in the tragedy of the Titanic , while that could have been prevented .

The Titanic was launched with the engines and interiors not yet installed .
The overall construction of the Titanic was finished on March 31 , 1912 .
Its route was from Southampton to New York City .
The Titanic hit a glacier and sank in two hours and forty minutes .
The tragedy of the Titanic could have been prevented because the Titanic was not built properly , and the Titanic 's crew members could have put in more time into the idea of lifeboats .

To begin with , Titanic 's tragedy could have been prevented because the gigantic boat was not built properly .
The article Titanic states , The rivets , or metal bolts , in the ship 's hull were made of weak iron .
The author of this article confirms that the Titanic was not built properly and could have been built better .
The metal bolts of the Titanic 's hull were made of weak iron , which clearly was not strong enough and let the water through .
The article Titanic states , These compartments were not watertight .
This allowed seawater to continue filling the compartments until Titanic sank .
This leads a person to belive that the Titanic was not built properly because the compartments where the water first got in were not watertight .
Because of that , the water kept filling up other compartments until it sank .

Second of all , Titanic 's tragedy could have been prevented by putting in more time into the idea of lifeboats .
The text Titanic states , Additionally , Titanic was not equipped with enough lifeboats for everyone aboard the ship .
The result was that most of the approximately 2,200 passengers on board Titanic would never escape the doomed vessel .
This shows that J. Bruce Ismay , the director of the Titanic , did not really think about the lifeboats .
Because of that , he packed not enough .
The effect is that a lot of people could not escape the Titanic and so they died .
The text Titanic states , In the confusion , however , many lifeboats were launched with only fractions of the amount of people they could hold .
This piece of text evidence explains that through the confusion , not a lot of people got onto the lifeboats .
The crew members of the Titanic should have thought more clearly and let more people onto the lifeboats .
This whole process was probably stressful and scary for the guests on the ship !

Some may say that Titanic 's tragedy could not have been prevented .
Seeing that important screws on the ship were only made of weak iron one must ask himself , could it have been ?
The tragedy of the Titanic could have been prevented because the Titanic was not built properly , and the Titanic 's crew members could have put in more time into the idea of lifeboats .
Now that you are aware that Titanic 's tragedy could have been prevented , the next time you go on any type of boat , be sure it has as many safety procedures as possible .

References Titanic . Research in Context , Gale , 2016 . Research in Context , http://link.galegroup.com/apps/doc/VTMWZG198032749/MSIC?u=hic5630&sid=MSIC&xid=5b65cc11 . Accessed 19 Nov. 2018 .