Should Artificial Sweeteners be Banned in America ?

Diet soda , sugar - free gum , and low - calorie sweeteners are what most people see as a way to sweeten up a day without the calories .
As many Americans seek slimmer bodies or healthier lifestyles , artificial sweeteners are the go - to replacement for sugar .
Despite the lack of calories , artificial sweeteners have multiple negative health effects .
Over the past century , science has made it possible to replicate food with fabricated alternatives that simplify weight loss .
Although many thought these new replacements would benefit overall health , there are more negative effects on manufactured food than the food they replaced .
Artificial sweeteners have a huge impact on current day society .
From coffee sweeteners and protein bars to diet soda and sugar - free gum , artificial sweeteners are impacting the health and wellbeing of many people .
Artificial sweeteners also tend to be hidden in many food products .
Even canned food and dairy products can be artificially sweetened .
Since artificial sweeteners have multiple negative health effects , it is vital that they are banned in the United States .

The first reason artificial sweeteners must be banned is that they weaken the intestines .
Consuming artificial sugar demolishes gut flora which is critical to maintaining a healthy digestive system .
One study showed that a product containing sucralose altered the rat gut microbiota and induced inflammatory lymphocyte infiltration ( Bian ) .
Sucralose is a very powerful artificial sweetener that kills gut bacteria and cripples intestines .
Gut microbial is a bacteria that is crucial to maintaining a healthy lifestyle .
The gut microbial system plays a key role in human metabolism , and artificial sweeteners can affect host health , such as inducing glucose intolerance ( Slashdot ) .
Although people with glucose intolerance usually turn to artificial sweeteners instead of sugar , artificial sweeteners could have been the reason for metabolic disorders .
Because artificial sweeteners are weakening the digestive system and destroying gut flora , it is critical that artificial sweeteners are banned in the United States .

Although artificial sweeteners are also thought to help with weight loss , they are promoting weight gain .
Numerous studies have verified that artificial sweeteners cause obesity .
For example , investigators at the University of Texas Health Science Center in San Antonio studied 3,700 participants aged 25 to 65 years old .
Those who were normal weight or overweight at baseline and consumed more than three artificially sweetened beverages a day were twice as likely to become obese within the next eight years compared with those who consumed none ( Sweet & Lowdown : Artificial Sweeteners & Weight Gain ) .
Many studies validate that artificial sweeteners benefit unhealthiness and generate weight gain .
Although most people believe that zero calories from sugar will reduce weight , weight is actually gained from the lack of calories and the urge to eat more .
Artificial sweeteners do not provide the calories or glucose that our bodies need , and they do not activate our bodies ' insulin production — which can lead to us needing to eat more calories in order to feel full ( Hagen and Calvo - Ochoa ) .
The human body was designed to consume sugar therefore artificial sweeteners trigger a craving for more food .
Since artificial sweeteners are causing weight gain , it is crucial that they are banned in the United States .

Not only do artificial sweeteners weaken intestines and further weight gain , but they also lead to multiple fatal diseases .
Aspartame and sucralose are used in many food products and promote cancerous cells .
In 2016 , the same laboratory that conducted the aspartame studies discussed above reported an increased incidence of blood cell tumors in male mice fed high doses of sucralose ( Artificial Sweeteners and Cancer ) .
Consider how the rate of cancer would decrease without artificial sweeteners .
Not only do artificial sweeteners generate cancer , but they also cause multiple other health issues .
Boston University 's study found , surprisingly , no correlation between sugary beverage intake and stroke or dementia .
However , they found that people who drank at least one diet soda per day were almost three times as likely to develop stroke and dementia ( Davidson ) .
Sugary beverages are proved to have less damage to the human body than artificially sweetened beverages .
Because artificial sweeteners are inducing cancer and other harmful diseases , it is essential that they are banned in the United States .

Although , some may argue that artificial sweeteners have necessary benefits .
In some cases , sugar substitutes have been proven to lower cravings .
In fact , several studies have found that participants report less hunger and consume fewer calories when they replace sugary foods and beverages with artificially sweetened alternatives ( Petre ) .
This provides an opportunity for people to eat sweet foods without stressing over calories .
Artificial sweeteners also give people with metabolic disease an easy alternative for sugar .
Low - calorie sweeteners , reports the International Food Information Council , are safe to use , provide sweetness without calories , and provide a choice of sweet foods ( The Truth on Artificial Sweeteners ) .
Sugar substitutes produce sweet food without feeling guilty consequences .
However , in spite of the opposing side 's argument , research proves that even though sugar substitutes can lower cravings and calories it is extremely unhealthy , damages gut bacteria , develops multiple diseases and deprives the human body of the nutrition it needs .
It would be healthier to eat a cup of sugar each day than the equivalent sugar replacement .
Artificial sweeteners clearly contain various negative conclusions and it is mandatory that they are banned in the United States .

As previously stated , artificial sweeteners have been proven to have many unfavorable effects on human health and therefore must be banned in the United States .
Using sugar substitutes daily has devastating health effects and damages the human body .
In order to maintain a healthy lifestyle , avoiding artificial sweeteners is critical .
Artificial sweeteners are not the only issue , current day society is filled with processed substitutes that are tearing down this healthy world .
Not only are sugar replacements found at fault , but all packaged foods can negatively affect humans .
Imagine a world with no packaging and no processing .
How much more would this nation rely on a fresh bite to eat instead of a bag of chips that has been sitting on a shelf for over a month ?

