Should veterans be treated better ?

Veterans come back from war being judged , mocked , and criticized for going into war .
People do not understand what they gave up going into war .
They do not understand that they had to do what they had to do to keep us safe .
The big question is should veterans be treated better ?
Yes , they must be treated better because they fought for our country , they sacrificed everything for us . .
They went days without food and water , not knowing if they were ever going to see their families again .
They also had to let go of so many people daily .
Those are only some of the reasons they must be treated better .
Veterans must be treated with respect before , during , and after their service .

Veterans have fought for our country .
Some people think that veterans were forced into war , which is false .
Approximately 70 % of the U.S. soldiers volunteered to go into war ( unknown ) .
There used to be something called the draft and men 18 an older would be selected to go off to war with no choice .
When the draft ended in 1973 , people volunteered to join the military .
Many of that 70 % served in World War one , and two .
There was a total of seven million U.S. soldiers in those wars , and two million served in the korean war ( Roush ) .
America would not be how it is today if those veterans did not fight for our country .
If the veterans did not fight for our country , and our freedom we would have lost those wars , and America as we know it would most likely be a run down poor country .

Veterans have given up their lives for this country .
They left their family and friends not knowing if they were going to be able to see them again ( Watson ) .
They gave up their lives so we did not have to .
Imagine leaving friends behind , leaving family for months even years at a time .
Would n't that be hard ?
It was sure hard for veterans , but they believed that our safety and freedom came first before anything .
Veterans sacrificed their freedom so that we can enjoy it ( Edwards ) .
When we are going to school , or going to work everyday , people are fighting to keep us safe .
Their number one job is to keep us Americans people safe , which is so courageous .
This is way they should have more than just a holiday , and special sales at Walmart and Kohls .

Veterans experience symptoms of infectious diseases while on active duty , or they may later develop symptoms of infectious diseases that were contracted overseas .
Veterans can get a disease called PTSD ( ptsd .
va.gov ) .
PTSD is a disorder in which a person has difficulty recovering after experiencing or witnessing a terrifying event .
PTSD can last for three months , six months , years , or even the rest of their life .
PTSD is common for veterans that have been exposed to war and combat .
There are many symptoms for PTSD .
Symptoms may include nightmares or unwanted memories of the truma , depression , anxiety , etc .
PTSD can be dangerous to other people and to the person who has PTSD .
Veterans also can have many other diseases ( UnityPoint ) .
They can get diseases such as Parkinson 's diseases , Traumatic brain injuries , prostate cancer , Musculoskeletal alitments , Etc . veterans give up so much for us even their health .
They live with these diseases from fighting for our country and to keep us safe , and it seems like nobody cares .
That 's why we need to show that we care .

Veterans should be treated with so much more respect than they get .
They did n't all join for our country , some just wanted to play with guns .
All in the end their normal people .

Wrong , they are n't just regular people , they have sacrificed so much just for our country .
Would a normal person give up everything for america ?
No only a hero will be courageous enough to give up everything for us .
Everyday veterans are still being judged and made fun of .
This must come to an end .
They must be treated with kindness and respect .

