Racial Discrimination with Police Officers

313 , 313 is the number of African Americans killed in 2012 by police officers and security guards .
Data and studies have proven that the reason for this abundant amount of killings all connects back to racial biased police officers .
Racial discrimination with police officers is a very relevant and important issue in the United States .
Policemen in the United States handle situations differently depending on the race of the people they are handling .
Policemen are generally more violent with African Americans than white people during arrest .
African Americans are twice as likely to be killed by police officers than whites are .
All police officers in the United States must be held accountable for racism .

Policemen are generally more violent with African Americans than with white people during arrest .
`` Many studies show that racism plays a part in causing police to pull the trigger more quickly on African American suspects , '' ( `` City Lab '' ) .
In other words , when policemen arrest people , the process for African American arrest is more aggressive than whites ' .
`` Black Americans are more than twice as likely to be killed by police officers , ( `` Five Thirty Eight '' ) .
This means that for every 5 white people killed by policemen , there are 10 African Americans are killed by policemen .

Policemen handle situations differently depending on the race of the people they are handling .
`` An overwhelming majority of blacks say that generally , the police are too quick to use deadly force and that they are more likely to use it against a black person , '' ( `` Apnorc '' ) .
Meaning that policemen handle arrest situations differently for African Americans rather than whites .
Police killings are a racial problem : African Americans are being killed disproportionately and by a wide margin .
And police bias may be responsible , ( New York Times ) .
In other words , police bias is responsible for the deaths of many African Americans .

An abundant amount of African Americans are killed every single year during arrest .
US police killed at least 258 black people in 2016 according to a project by The Guardian that tracks police killings in America ( Huffington Post ) .
In other words , more black people were killed in 2016 by policemen than white people .
Police officers or security guards killed at least 313 African Americans in 2012 according to a recent study .
This means that a black person was killed every 28 hours , ( `` Alternet '' ) .
Meaning , more black people have been killed throughout the last ten years than white people .

All police officers in the United States must be held accountable for racism .
Some people say that the policemen do not recognize when they are being racist .
Others say that the police officers are trained to be racially bias .
Nevertheless , it is never okay to discriminate people according to their race .
Color of skin should not determine the way people are treated .
In the United States , this is a very relevant and important issue .
The policemen of America must be brought to justice for racial bias during arrest .
What ever happened to equal rights , and racial equality ?

