Should the United States Put More Restrictions on Gun Ownership ?

Are guns really keeping us safe ?
While the Second Amendment claims the right to bear arms to protect us , guns actually cause more harm than good .
Guns are the culprit in suicide , homicide , and accidentally injury .
Guns are killing us , not protecting us .
The United States should put more restrictions on gun ownership to protect its people and make America great again .

Increasing gun control laws could lead to fewer suicides .
Since suicide is very horrible , it is important to find ways to stop it .
One study found that the suicide rate of people who buy guns is 57 % higher than others during the first week after the gun is purchased .
( 1 )
According to another study , easy access to firearms is connected to a greater risk of suicide in the home .
( 2 )
While another study showed that suicide can be prevented by limiting access to certain means of committing suicide , such as guns .
( 3 )
Australia is proof that gun control laws can change lives .
Australia was able to decrease suicides by 35 % after enforcing stricter gun control laws when 35 people died in a 1996 mass shooting .
( 4 )
Gun control laws make suicide less of a threat , which helps us to live longer .

Restrictions on gun ownership could protect people from other gun - related deaths .
Because suicide is not the only risk of death by a firearm , it is important to limit other ways that guns harm living things .
There are more than 38,000 gun deaths in the United States every year , and approximately 85,000 non - fatal injuries in the whole United States .
( 4 )
Between 1999 and 2013 , guns were the leading cause of death by murder .
( 5 )
While murder is horrible , people die accidentally from guns , too .
Since guns are a source of danger as much as they are a source of safety , people can use them right or incorrectly .
For instance , you could accidentally shoot yourself in the foot .
You could even shoot your friend or a family member .
According to David Frum , American children under age 15 were nine times more likely to die of a gun accident than children in other advanced wealthy countries .
He adds that about 200 Americans go to emergency rooms every day with gunshot wounds .
( 5 )
Therefore , limiting gun use can save lives .

Because the Second Amendment of the United States Constitution protects individual gun ownership , many people think that guns are needed for safety , but I disagree .
The Second Amendment states that , A well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed .
( 6 )
While this seems like a good point , others believe that the Second Amendment was meant for the military and not for everyday people .
People think that they can protect themselves by owning a gun , but the truth is that guns are rarely used in self - defense .
Between 2007 and 2011 , fewer than 1 % of victims of violent crimes protected themselves with a firearm .
( 5 )
Many people say that they need a gun to hunt in order to provide food for their family .
If so , is it necessary for every home to have a firearm ?
The United States has 120.5 guns per 100 people , which is the highest per person total in the world .
( 5 )
Overall , people are not really using guns to protect themselves .
They are using them to hurt others .

The United States should put more restrictions on gun ownership .
As statistics show , guns are doing more harm than good by increasing the rate of suicide , homicide , and accidental injury .
Our Second Amendment right to bear arms was meant to protect us through a strong military .
Instead of protecting us , guns are shortening our lives .
How many more deaths will it take before we take charge and change the gun laws ?

