Why Sharks are not Murderers

Each year the shark population declines all around the world and many reasons follow up to that .
Lots of evidence supports that sharks are not murderers .
Evidence also shows that sharks have a lot to live for and they actually help with a lot of things like overpopulation .
Compared to other animals sharks hold a low percentage of human deaths each year .
So sharks may be natural predators , but really they help the human population more than they ruin it .
People misconceive sharks more than people should .
Sharks are not murderers because they help diminish diseases , maintain native species , and they help keep the ocean clean .

Sharks keep the ocean healthy .
Apex predators are important because they help diminish diseases and keep them from spreading to humans .
According to the `` Importance of Sharks '' as apex predators , sharks play an important role in the ecosystem by maintaining the species below them .
What this means is that without sharks our ecosystem would overpopulate with many species .
Sharks are an apex predator that means that they are at the top of the food chain meaning they do more in the ecosystem than a normal fish .
In the article `` Sharks ' Role in an Ocean '' , the author says that sharks play an important role in the oceans in a way that an average fish does not .
Sharks are at the top of the food chain in virtually every ocean .
In that role , they keep populations of fish healthy and in proper proportion for their ecosystem .
Clearly , sharks are not murderers for bad in the world they are here for a good reason .
This supports that sharks are not murderers because they help maintain the natural food chain .

Sharks help maintain native species .
Native species are vital for our ecosystem to keep thriving .
The `` The Importance of Sharks '' article states the removal of an apex predator will result in an increase of smaller predators , which causes an overall decline in prey population .
This means the more people think sharks are killers the more humans actually are killers which messes up the food chain .
Without sharks , our smaller species would increase rapidly with no control system .
Authors from the article `` What would happen if there were no more sharks ? '' say because sharks play a vital role in the ocean 's food chain , a major decrease in shark population -- or even extinction -- could trigger things like out - of - control algae or the extinction of smaller animals such as scallops rely on sharks to eat their predators .
In other words , shark population decreasing will lead to smaller species dying off quickly and that will not be good for the ecosystem because a lot of the smaller species help keep the ocean clean , healthy and the native species healthier .
This proves sharks are not murderers because they help maintain the oceans ' native species .

Sharks help diminish diseases in the ocean that can , later on spread to humans .
Without sharks all the sick and weak species spread the diseases they are dealing with to other fish which eventually lead to humans .
Predatory sharks prey on the sick and the weak members of their prey populations , and some also scavenge the sea floor to feed on dead carcasses .
By removing the sick and weak , they prevent the spread of disease and prevent outbreaks that could be devastating quoted from `` Shark 's Role in The Ocean '' .
Meaning without our apex predators in general , humans would have a lot of diseases .
Balancing our species is important in order to keep our Earth clean and safe .
`` The Importance Of Sharks '' , say that `` They help remove the weak and the sick as well as keeping the balance with competitors helping to ensure species diversity '' .
What they are saying is without a balance the ecosystem would be off course and it would not stay healthy .
This proves sharks are not murderers they kill fish to help keep humans healthy .

Sharks are not murderers because they help diminish diseases , maintain native species , and keep the ocean healthy and compared to other animals , people do not die as often from shark attacks as other animals .
Some people believe sharks are murderers because people die every year from shark - related injuries .
People may die every year from shark encounters but deaths by sharks hold a low percentage of deaths each year and the positives of sharks outweigh the negatives .
Society has turned these beautiful creatures into something they completely are not , so humans have to accept the way they live instead of changing it for them .

