Should sharks be blamed for killing and injuring people ?

Sometimes a shark will think of a person as an animal such as a seal .
Sharks have been titled as killers .
There are some people who do not think that is true .
They are carnivores , but that does not mean they mean to harm people .
Sharks do n't like eating people .
Because there are parts of our bodies that sharks ca n't eat or digest ( Handwerk ) .
Fun fact , sharks do not fully digest the bones of what they eat .
Sharks could have thought a person was a seal .
Because the motion of a human body swimming in the water looks like a seal .
The history of sharks attacking people is slim .

When people see a shark under them , if they are swimming or even in a boat , they most likely would panic .
The reason why a shark could be up close to someone is it could be trying to figure out what that person is .
Sharks would have probably not have been there unless there was fish ( Sharks World ) .
Also , a shark being close to the shallows is very uncommon .
The chances of shark attacks are uncommon .
Mainly because a shark likes to live in a deepwater environment .
Sharks are amazing animals they are one of the types of dinosaurs that survived the ice age .

A shark attack is uncommon it is not a thing to be scared of ( Live Science ) .
sharks are really really smart animals but the thing is that a shark likes to eat they like to taste things and if they do n't like what their eating they will spit out what they are eating ( SharksInfo ) .
That could also explain why attacks happen .
There are very few types of sharks that attack people .
The types of sharks that have been known to attack people are great white Carcharodon carcharias , tiger Galeocerdo cuvier , and bull Carcharhinus leucas sharks ( shark info ) .
Sharks are shown as killers like in the movie JAWS .
What is shown in that movie is untrue about sharks .

Sharks are a type of animal that is kind of a king in some ways .
Sharks have helped keep the ecosystem in the oceans balanced .
Sharks are very majestic animals .
Why do people say sharks are killers ?
Why did the sharks survive the ice age ( The Epic History of Sharks ) ?
Then again we have been attacked by sharks .
So what if sharks do mean to attack people because we could be seen as food .

