Veterans Should get More Help After the War

Thousands of veterans coming back from war are having trouble fitting back in with society .
We live in a place where you could pass someone that been in the war almost every day .
There are up to 18.2 million veterans that live in the United States .
Most people might think that veterans can just fit back into society but a good majority of vets have problems they have to sort out when they come back home .
Veterans should get more help after the war for there physically , financial , and mental .

Many war veterans that come back from the war have to deal with a disordered call PTSD .
Many people do not know what PTSD is and they do not know how it affects the human mind .
`` Post - Traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) is an anxiety disorder that can occur after the Veteran experiences a traumatic event . 
During this type of event , the Veteran believes his / her life or others ' lives are in danger '' ( `` We Honor Veterans '' ) .
What this means is that PTSD can form from a traumatic event , these vets have been in war and have probably seen and done the thing that they can never forget .
Many people deal with PTSD and a big majority are veterans .
About 15 out of every 100 Vietnam Veterans ( or 15 % ) were currently diagnosed with PTSD at the time of the most recent study in the late 1980s ( U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ) .
That means that about 15 % of every 100 Vietnam veterans is dealing with this terrible disorder .
This is why veterans should get more help after the war .

PTSD is not the only thing veterans deals with they also have financial problems .
People might not think that the veteran has financial people but it is not true .
`` Service members are more likely to have financial troubles , They are almost twice as likely to carry some credit card debt from month - to - month '' ( `` Quentin Fottrell '') .
In other words , people that have served in the military are more likely to worry about money than people who have not served .
When veterans come home from war they probably do not even think of financial debt .
Hundreds of thousands of Iraq and Afghanistan veterans have been flying home to a fresh fox hole : A debt crater that 's sucking in entire military families and could be helping to fuel the veteran suicide crisis ( Bill Briggs ) .
This Mean that when Iraq and Afghanistan come back from the war they have to deal with debt .
That is why veterans should get more financial help .

One of the last things you want to lose is a limb .
Many people coming back from the war have lost a limb .
`` The impact of losing a limb in military service extends well beyond initial recovery and rehabilitation , with long - term consequences and challenges '' ( `` Cambridge Core '') .
Losing a limb can change your drastically and so people can never feel the same .
In war , you have a high chance of losing a limb .
`` From Afghanistan and Iraq Wars A total of 1 , 558 soldiers endured major limb amputations as a result of battlefield injuries '' ( `` David Wallechinsky '' ) .
1 , 558 will never live the same because of their major limb amputations in the war .
This is why veterans should get more help after the war .

Veterans should get more help after the war .
Some people say that veterans do not need help after the war because they are more than capable to do day to day activities .
Some people also say we do not have enough money to give to the veterans .
They also say they get paid enough after the war .
Even so , they are wrong veterans do need help because of all the stuff they went through in the war .
Veterans might need financial , physical , or even mental help that could harm their everyday life .
So from all of this should veterans get more help after the war or are they already good where they are .

