Why we need to stop killing sharks

About one million sharks are killed every year just by humans .
Sharks do not threat humans sharks like to eat fish , mollusks , tuna , and smaller shark species .
There is evidence the proves sharks do not hunt humans on purpose only if they think that you are a threat to them which is not often at all .
There are different types of sharks but some are rarer than others .
Sharks only swim in saltwater and usually down deep in the water .
Some sharks can be trained to be very friendly with humans just like dolphins .
Sharks are not murders , but simply trying to feed themselves .
All shark killings must come to an end .

There are way too many sharks being killed each year and this is a problem .
Most people view sharks as a serious danger and many people wo n't even go swimming in salt water because they are afraid of being attacked by a shark .
The article How Many Sharks Do Humans Kill Per Hour says , humans kill around 100 million sharks each year .
However , they add that this is a conservative estimate , and the true number could be as high as 273 million sharks killed annually by humans .
There are only 90 shark attacks on humans a year .
The number of sharks killed by humans each year is the way to high and increasing .

Humans kill sharks so they can skin them and sell them as food .
In Japan , shark fin soup is a delicacy .
Many sharks have been killed just to make this soup .
To make this soup humans hunt sharks by using a practice called shark finning .
The article Smithsonian Ocean says this is the process of slicing off a shark 's fin and discarding the rest of the still - living body , often by dumping it back into the ocean .
It seems very waist full to kill sharks just for their fins and then to throw out the rest of the shark .

Many humans hunt sharks illegally and this is putting many shark breeds at risk of extinction .
The article says In a moving range , the researchers were able to calculate that between 6.4 % and 7.9 % of sharks of all species are killed annually .
To put that range in perspective , researchers analyzed life data from 62 shark species and found that only 4.9 % of sharks can be killed each year to maintain population stability .
Shark fin soup is so popular in Japan that shark hunters can make a lot of money from selling the sharks fins .
Many hunters will illegally practice shark finning so they do n't have to report how many sharks they have caught .
This way they can sell more shark fins and make more money .

Many people do n't worry about sharks becoming extinct because they are afraid of them .
However sharks do not hunt humans , they would much rather eat fish or other sea animals .
The amount of shark attack on humans is much less than the number of sharks that are killed by humans each year .
Sharks are very important to the see they help keep the fish in the normal population .
One way to help protect sharks from extinction is to stop the illegal hunting of sharks .
If the illegal hunting of sharks does not stop we could end up losing some of our shark breeds .

