PTSD Preparation

Have you ever known anyone with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder , also known as PTSD ?
PTSD is a severe disorder that many people including veterans struggle with .
If our military had better PTSD preparation it would help them handle it better after war .
If more people knew and learned about PTSD , we could help military men and women better deal with this disorder .

Soldiers need more pre training before going to war so they know what to expect when they come back .
Military education and training is a process which intends to establish and improve the capabilities of military personnel in their respective roles .
It begins with recruit training , proceeds to education and training specific to military roles , and may also include additional training during a military career .
Military training may be voluntary or compulsory duty ( Military Education and Training ) .
As you can see , military training is very important .
This disorder can affect more than just military Veterans .
War veterans brought PTSD to public attention .
But PTSD can stem from traumatic incidents , such as mugging , rape , torture , being kidnapped or held captive , child abuse , car accidents , train wrecks , plane crashes , bombings , or natural disasters such as floods or earthquakes .
The majority of people exposed to such events experience some symptoms of distress ( sleep problems , jumpiness ) .
Most fully recover in a few weeks or months .
PTSD is currently the subject of many research studies that are funded by the National Institute of Mental Health ( NIMH ) at the National Institutes of Health ( Post Traumatic Stress Disorder A Growing Epidemic ) .
PTSD preparation can prevent these things from happening .

With better training soldiers will understand PTSD .
If more people knew and learned about PTSD it would help them deal with the disorder .
Studies show that because of the lack of cultural competence among providers , service members and veterans may drop out of care , are misdiagnosed , or seek care only when their illness or injury is at an advanced stage .
This course , Understanding the Context of Military Culture in Treating Veterans with PTSD , addresses such concerns by providing information about how the influence of military culture may impact world view , assessment , and treatment planning for military patients with PTSD ( National Center for PTSD ) .
Hopefully with more studies we can help men and women with PTSD .
A lot of men and women who deal with this disorder have trouble seeking help .
The reason that many veterans avoid getting treatment for post traumatic stress disorder is because of the assumption that is a mental defect , that they 're crazy or something , Bosma said .
That avoidance makes it worse .
A lot of veterans feel stigmatized by seeking help , so they are often reluctant to do it , Hammer said .
It 's fairly common for veterans to start to isolate themselves , which is not a good way to deal with depression .
( Local Veterans Discuss Importance of Seeking Treatment for PTSD ) .

If not just our veteran men and women that have PTSD , but also their families and friends .
If their loved ones know about some of the symptoms of PTSD , they could help the men and women seek help when they need it .
It is important to learn about PTSD so you can understand why it happened , how it is treated , and what you can do to help .
But you also need to take care of yourself .
Changes in family life are stressful , and taking care of yourself will make it easier to cope ( Fact Sheet Frequently Asked Questions ) .
If Veterans and their families are prepared for PTSD , it would help a lot with seeking help .
Because it can be hard to talk , it can be very hard for people to seek help when they need it the most .
It 's easy to feel alone when you ' ve been through a trauma and are not feeling well .
But isolation can make you feel worse .
Talking to your friends and family can help you get the support you need .
Studies show that having meaningful social and family connections in your life can have a positive impact on your health and healing .
( Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder ) .
Veterans , and civilian people in general , who have PTSD will be more prepared for what is coming and will know the symptoms , side effects , and when to seek help .

PTSD is a very serious disorder that can use more attention .
If there is more PTSD training , it could help people with this disorder .
They may know what to look for and when to seek help .
Some people may say that there is already enough training for PTSD .
However , there needs to be more PTSD pre - training to not only help the people with the disorder , but also help prevent people from getting hurt .
Have you ever known anyone with PTSD ?

