Should There be More Appreciation For Vet ?

Finally coming home after sprinting through the woods , people carrying half of their own weight , ready to finally feel the relief to go home and feel safe and appreciated .
They step off the plane into the airport with high hopes , with all of the badges and worries ready to be recognized .
All of the people standing there outside of the airport , they start spitting on these soldiers .
The people start calling them mean names , telling them to leave the country that they are baby killers .
Vets must be treated with more respect and people should appreciate them more .
They fought for our country , they left their families and sacrificed everything to keep us safe .

Our veterans fought for our country .
Veterans have done a lot to help out our society today .
There are many different kinds of veterans .
Veterans are people who served in the military ( US Army , Navy , Marine Corps , Air Force , and Coast Guard ) in times of war or peace ( 11 Facts About Veterans ) .
In other words , people have served in many different ways .
Veterans fight for our country to keep it safe and free .
They are the people who are keeping people safe , the family 's , this country safe .
With our them , there would be nothing .
Without them , there would be no United States of America .
No Life , Liberty , and the Pursuit of happiness ( Cina , Angie ) .
To sum it up if there were not people to go and risk their lives for people they do not even know then there would be no freedom , families , schools , and more .

Veterans left their family 's to protect our country .
The government sent out letters to all houses with or with our family 's .
Instead of taking the oldest men first from the 18 - 25 eligible range as last time , local boards now could call 19-year - olds first .
Therefore , young men now did not have to wait for years to learn their draft futures , which could affect their careers , marriages , and family ( Vietnam War Draft ) .
According to this quote , they would pick nineteen - year - olds other than older and sometimes younger .
As much as people struggled with money in the 19 thousand they would still send them out to war .
Of the 2.5 million enlisted men who served during Vietnam , 80 percent came from poor or working - class families , and the same ratio only had a high school education ( The Military Draft During the Vietnam War ) .
In other words no matter the circumstance , or what is going on at home the people that get called out for war have to go .

Veterans sacrificed everything to keep us safe .
So many soldiers have lost their lives fighting for this country .
In Washington , D.C. , The Vietnam War Memorial bears 58,000 individual names .
That 's as it should be .
It was n't numbers who died .
It was soldiers — individual Americans who traded civilian clothes for fatigues , comfort for the struggle ( How Vietnam , and the Sacrifices ) .
That means that most soldiers did not just want a safe country , they wanted well being for the people in it .
There we loud noises all over the place , guns fighting , and explosions .
Post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) is defined as having flashbacks , upsetting memories , and anxiety following a traumatic event .
It was first officially recognized as a mental health condition in 1980 ( US Department of Veterans Affairs ) .
In other words , people lost hearing from these loud noises and got knocked out , when waking up with a concussion and having brain damage .
These people risk the rest of their life to keep their country safe , that deserve way more respect .

Though it is very understandable that the people of the US did not know that the veterans served for their country , that was a bad part on the government .
The government should have told the people of the country that they were fighting in the war .
Even though the people of us did not know that they we serving for the country they should have taken under consideration that they might have done well .
Also , it was mostly the government 's fault , that was miscommunication .
The government should communicate with public and society more .
Although this was a childish act that the public had done , it was an order that the government had told the soldiers to do .
Veterans had done a lot of work to make the country what it is now .
Veterans had fought for our country and sacrificed everything to keep us safe , they even left their family .
They must be treated fairly , with way more respect .

