Sharks are Not the Problem

When you think of sharks you probably think of a large fish like an animal that is deadly as can be , right ?
You know what I ' m talking about , the large fish that can kill you with one advance at your limbs .
One of many things lurking in the unknown waters of the ocean ready for the amazing taste of your blood .
Well if that 's what someone is thinking then they better scrap those ideas because I ' m going to explain to you why sharks are n't the problem .
Theirs yearn to hunt is just instinct and not their only ambition .

Sharks are n't monsters , in reality , they are very special animals , what I mean by that is getting rid of them could cause the whole oceans food chain to collapse .
Many species would be affected , many species would end just because of the sharks .
A number of scientific studies demonstrate that depletion of sharks results in the loss of commercially important fish and shellfish species down the food chain , including key fisheries such as tuna , that maintain the health of coral reefs .
Adding to this , predatory sharks prey on the sick / weak members of fish and such to help strengthen the population .
Some sharks also scavenge the seafloor to feed on dead carcasses .
Since the largest , strongest , and healthiest fish generally reproduce in greater numbers , the outcome is larger numbers of healthier fish .

Out of all sharks , only about a dozen are dangerous to the human species .
Even though those sharks are dangerous to us humans we are not their preferred prey .
Moreover , they tend to not attack humans that often , not enough to earn them there horrendous stereotype .
In fact , sharks are a bigger danger to themselves than to any human .
Unborn sand tiger , for example , are known to feed on their also unborn siblings in the womb .
Not only are the sharks eating their fellow brothers ' and sisters ' bodies , but also the unfertilized eggs in a fit of embryonic cannibalism .

Shark bites and especially shark bite fatalities in America and around the world are indubitably rare .
Take the most feared shark of them all , the great white : From 1926 - 2011 , great whites attacked Americans one hundred and six times when unprovoked , and only thirteen of those attacks proved fatal .
Including all sharks only 1,055 attacks were unprovoked in America with the exclusion of Hawaii from 1837 - 2013 , comprising just thirty - six fatal attacks .
Even in Hawaii where the main attractions for both locals and tourists is the ocean , there were only one hundred twenty - nine unprovoked attacks from 1828 - 2013 , nine of which were fatal .
Global statistics are also very low .
Annually , around 70 to 100 shark attacks are reported around the world , causing just about 5 to 15 deaths .

Sharks do n't cause as many deaths as you think , in reality , they save the oceans from a lot of disasters .
Even though people like to say sharks kill millions of people a year and lower the populations of fish they are wrong .
Sharks sometimes do n't mean to kill they just want to take a bite but they have many rows of teeth that can hurt the thing more than they mean to .
Humans need to understand that sharks are n't the enemy here at all .
If you really think about it humans are , we kill more sharks than sharks do us in a year .
So why accuse sharks of being the murder - es animal when really we are .
Honestly , humans need to do more research before self - diagnosing things .

Work cited

Why You Wo n't Be Attacked By A Shark .
PBS , Public Broadcasting Service , www.pbs.org/wgbh/nova/article/why-you-wont-be-attacked-by-a-shark/ .

Sharks ' Role in the Oceans .
Shark Savers : : Sharks ' Role in the Ocean , www.sharksavers.org/en/education/the-value-of-sharks/sharks-role-in-the-ocean/ .

Adwar , Corey .
Why You Should n't Be Worried About Shark Attacks .
Business Insider , Business Insider , 9 July 2014 , www.businessinsider.com/why-you-shouldnt-be-worried-about-sharks-2014-7 .

Why Do Sharks Attack ?
Discovery , 18 Sept. 2014 , www.discovery.com/tv-shows/shark-week/about-this-show/why-do-sharks-attack/ .