Chain Gangs

Chain gangs were groups of convicts forced to labor at tasks such as road construction , ditch digging , or farming while chained together ( Chain Gangs ) .
Many African Americans were chained together and were forced to workday and night .
Nobody ever knew how long they would be there .
They often died from the labor or injuries from punishments .
Prisons even forced older women and men that were often weak , to do difficult tasks that require all of their strength .
Chain gangs were one of the most common uses of prison labor and was common for decades .
Chain gangs have a long history that shapes how and why they were created , and what the prisoners had to do and were put through .

Chain gangs were mostly formed around racial discrimination .
Even after slavery was illegal , people still wanted to find ways to put African Americans in jail .
When slavery was legally abolished , a new set of laws called the Black Codes emerged to criminalize legal activity for African Americans .
Through the enforcement of these laws , acts such as standing in one area of town or walking at night , for example , became the criminal acts of loitering or breaking curfew , for which African Americans were imprisoned ( Brown ) .
This shows that African Americans had to be very safe when engaging in public activity for any white person would try and put them in prison .
And race did n't just shape prisons then , even now race defines every aspect of our criminal justice system .
African - American men between the ages of 20 and 39 account for nearly one third of all sentenced prisoners ( Brown ) .
Discrimination appears where you may not think it would , and for all the wrong reasons .

Chain gangs had a long history and people in chain gangs made great changes to history as well .
Chain gangs started as a way to gain more labor services and a great way to punish those who did wrong .
The chain gang started in Georgia in 1908 and was envisioned as a progressive penal reform movement ( Gangs ) .
People clearly needed some sort of way to punish people and still get something out of it , so they created the chain gangs for their own purposes and needs .
The most extensive unit of chain gangs in North Carolina coincided with the rapid growth of highway construction accompanying the Auto Age , from 1900 to 1950 ( Chain Gang ) .
Road work clearly took up a large amount of convicts labor time .

People in chain gangs lived in unsanitary conditions and constantly had to deal with a brutal and harsh lifestyle .
All chain gangs had white overseers , and they did not go easy on any convict .
With an armed white overseer , the black convict slaved from sunup to sundown .
Brutalities , corporal punishments ( beatings with a leather strap , thumpings with rifle butts and clubs ) and outright torture , were commonplace ( Gangs ) .
It is very clear that violence was a strong suit when it came to punishing prisoners .
Some inmates were old and weak , and could not perform as well as the young strong men and women .
Where even child convicts died from the painful work they were forced to do .
Not only were they often almost beat to death but , they also had basically no suitable living conditions .
Living conditions for chain gang convicts were frequently horrific , with sanitation practically nonexistent and diseases and illnesses common ( Chain Gang ) .
Majority of African Americans in chain gangs did nothing wrong and still had to experience such atrocities .
Does this go on forever ?

Eventually , chain gangs stopped and became uncommon .
But people still deal with racial discrimination in prisons and everyday life .
There are still people being convicted of crimes they did n't commit , and doing service they should not have to do .
With all of the hardship those people dealt with , they still pulled through until they could live their lives again .
Where in some situations , others could not keep going .
It was one of the darkest moments in history and encouraged hateful acts towards people of a different race .
The work those people did showed what they were put through , and made history .

