Should Chris Kyle be Considered a Murderer

How would it feel to someone if they had to have to kill another , sitting there a gun in hand and get ready to shoot ?
Imagine having to be in a position where they have to point a gun at a person and pull the trigger .
While thinking of having to kill a person , a living and breathing human .
But what if it was for a need .
What if that person killed one life to save many ? .
Chris Kyle was considered a murderer by many but he and many knew that they 're reasons to this .
Chris Kyle was not a murderer , in fact it was his job to kill people , people who were going to do things that would ' ve caused great damage he killed one to save many .

Chris Kyle was killing the people he did for a acceptable reason .
Although the thought that he saved lives , and that was his main goal .
To be honest with you , I wish I 'd killed more because every kill saved American lives and that was what I was out there for ( I Wish I 'd Killed More ) .
He thought about the positive thinking that he was saving lives rather than killing them .
Chris Kyle had protected the marines and many others with his job choice .
I had to do it to protect the Marines , so do you want to lose your own guys or would you rather take one of them out ?
( American Sniper : The Truths and Myths about Chris Kyle ) .
He was thinking about would he rather lose many people or just one .
With that , he was thinking about if he had to take one to save many he would .

If Chris was killing someone , he actively thought they were going to do something terrible .
Every person I killed I strongly believe that they were bad ( American Sniper : Was Chris Kyle Really a Hero ? )
.
With that , this man believed he had never killed an uninvolved man or women .
While doing his job , he was always thinking that he never shot someone who was not guilty .
He was unwavering in his belief that everyone he shot was a bad guy according to Lindy West .
In his eyes , he had never shot a person who was Innocent .
This was his job , to kill the awful people before they did something terrible .

Chris Kyle was killed because someone believed he was a dangerous man .
The man who had shot Chris was diagnosed with PTSD which means Post Traumatic Stress Disorder .
Mr .
Routh 's two - week trial for the killings of Mr. Kyle and Mr. Kyle 's friend Chad Littlefield in 2013 centered on Mr. Routh 's state of mind ( ` American Sniper ' Jury Finds Chris Kyle 's KIller Guilty of Murder ) .
Mr. Routh had shot Chris Kyle and his friend after they took him to a shooting range to spend the day with Mr. Routh .
They took him in the back of Mr. Kyle 's truck to the range .
I was just riding in the back seat of the truck and nobody would talk to me .
They were just taking me to the range so I shot them .
I feel bad about it , but they would n't talk to me .
I ' m sure they ' ve forgiven me .
This man shot two others at a range to practice due to their shooting skills .
Even if Chris Kyle killed all those people for his job , did he himself deserve to get shot .

Even though he was killing faulty men some people believe he had a choice to kill those people .
Although he had chosen to kill those people , they were not about to do favorable things .
Chris Kyle allegedly saved more lives then took in his lifetime .
Chris Kyle 's job as an assassin required him to shoot people .
None of the victims were civilians who were not an intended target .
His job was to shoot people who deserved it and were meant to be the target of his attack .
Chris Kyle was not a murderer , in fact , it was his job to kill people , difficult people who were going to do things that would ' ve caused great damage he killed one to save many .
Although some do consider him a murderer , some also consider him a hero . '

