Military Families Need to Get Extra Help

About 1.9 million children have a parent in the military ( Month of the Military Child ) .
If 1.9 million children do not have both parents because of deployment , then 1.9 million children grow up with our their mother or father around .
Only having one parent is tough , the guardian is having to go to work all of the time in order to maintain all of the bills , on top of keeping the child healthy and well fed .
Not having the guardian around that you bond well with can sometimes make children very unhappy and depressed .
For the parents , if they have a younger child and they have no other help they can not go to work , If no one is to stay and watch them .
But to stay caught up on bills , food , and other child needs they must work .
Military families need extra help to maintain their daily needs .
All military families should get extra help with daycare , mental help , and financial help .

Every single military parent needs to have extra daycare help .
While moms or dads are working they may or may not have anyone to watch the kids if nobody can watch their kids while the work they will not be able to support their families .
According to 6 Benefits of Military Child Care , Each employee must attend training and continuing education courses to remain up - to - date with current teaching methods and regulations .
This shows that there are programs that are seeing the struggles and providing help to those in need of affordable child care .
While you are at work you can Rest assured that having a child in military child care means having a well - protected child who will be secure at all times ( 6 Benefits of Military Child Care ) .
If parents are working without worrying about their children , then they will be able to get lots of things done so they can earn money to support the family .
Because of this evidence , all military families need daycare help to support themselves .

Some military families have lost someone that was in battle and it can tear that person apart .
If someone is that sad they can do terrible things if they have no way to deal with the pain like counseling .
Clinical depression , however , can potentially lead to more serious issues such as death or suicide ; therefore , it is important to recognize the symptoms of depression and get the support and resources you need to get help for you or your Soldier ( Military Benefits News and Resources ) .
People with severe depression can end up hurting themselves or worse killing themselves .
If they have kids , the children would lose both parents and then they would be orphans .
Children of active duty service members are potentially at a higher risk to develop mental health conditions than children in the general population Children , Deployment and Mental Health Care ) .
If the child loses the parent they bond well with then they can need some mental help so they can learn the proper way to deal with their emotions .
If we can change this then teen suicides could go down and they will learn to better control their bottled up feelings .

Not having both parents home is less money coming in to pay for bills which can be very hard to maintain bills with low pay .
According to Lankford , Members of the military have a lot of special financial issues that most people do n't experience : They have to move frequently -- sometimes with very little notice -- and they can be deployed to war zones for months or years .
If they have to move around a lot with their family then they need special help to pay for all of the houses they need to pay for .
As with any other family , military families can fall on hard times due to the inability of a spouse to work , a layoff of a spouse , or , in the case of reservists , the need to leave a higher - paying job behind when the service member is called to active duty ( Lediaev ) .
Single parents can not maintain bills and food for their children if they have low paying jobs .
Therefore single military parents need higher pay to maintain monthly bills and weekly needs .

Military families should n't get extra help because once they have it , they will rely on the extra help all of the time .
They will not learn to support themselves without help from special organizations .
However , Military families will not rely on those special organizations because they are still working hard to pay for everything that the special organizations can not pay for .
Daycare is so that they can work to sustain their families which proves that they will still be doing things without help .
Financial help is to make sure they do not end up homeless , and mental care is to reduce death rates .
Because military families will not be taking advantage this extra help is necessary .
These men and women go off and risk their lives , the least we could do is help them maintain their needs .

