Should Professional Athletes be Paid Millions of Dollars

Most professional athletes are paid millions of dollars .
That is if anyone follows a type of professional sports team and/or organization , if not there are some athletes such as Lebron James .
Lebron James is paid $ 36.5 m every season he plays in the NBA ( National Basketball Association ) .
And that 's not including how much he is being paid by Nike to represent their brand on the court .
In 2016 Lebron James it was said that Lebron was underpaid by $ 31 m says Leland Faust for Sports Illustrated , and was only paid $ 23 m for that year again not including the endorsements and other types of bonuses for that year .

And this is not just a benefit for King James himself other athletes including Floyd Mayweather , Lionel Messi , and Cristiano Ronaldo are all examples of athletes who make millions of dollars .
Floyd Mayweather was reported to have made $ 285 m in 2018 alone most of that money coming from one fight .
That fight was of course what people called the fight of the century Floyd Mayweather vs Conor McGregor and again that is not accounting his sponsorships and endorsements .
As for Lionel Messi made $ 111 m in 2018 for playing a sport made for a child ,

For some to look at a sport that deserves their athletes to make a million dollars if any sport it should be a fighting sport like boxing , but $ 100 m in one fight is to much maybe anywhere from $ 800,000 - $ 1,000,000 would be fine with me because they are actually sacrificing their well being .
but people like Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are guys who make money from playing a child 's sport , I will not take away from the hard work those two guys have put in to get where they 're at now or the hard work they put in now to stay in shape and keep playing the sport they love .
Some just do n't think that paying them millions of dollars is the way of thanking them for playing a sport like soccer .

Like i said before I ca n't take away from them because most athletes do put in the work to keep their job or to get where they are now .
But even in saying that some athletes do not take their career seriously and should not be doing what they 're doing right now .
To add to that fact they 're athletes who just throw their careers into the trash whether it be by participating in drug use by choosing a life of crime instead of looking into getting better at their profession .
To list any is easy for example if you look at professional mma and UFC fighter Jon Jones he took his job seriously sometimes but not always his criminal record is too large to even list but it is a long string of assault and battery charges .
People could also look at athletes such as Barry Bonds who practically tarnished his name by taking performance enhancing drugs or steroids , when you are paid millions of dollars to be a professional athletes you should n't have to take steroids or any performance enhancing drug to make you a better athlete you should already be one .

If you wonder how these athletes make their money it is when us the people tune in to watch their games or when we the people watch their commercials .
If all athletic vanished of the face of the Earth our world would mourn but then would find another alternative to our beloved sports teams says parker reed for The Spectator .
Mr . Reed is not wrong though people would be sad and would be angry but would then find another alternative , now would our country and our world be the same for some people no probably not .
Without recreational time for family and friends to get together and have an excuse to get drunk at your next superbowl party people would think that life is boring without sports , but without sports it would open people 's eyes to what the real world actually is .
People would actually take time to sit down talk politics without getting offended , and actually just talking and being educated on the subject .
And people would not get distracted and start talking about who 's sports team is better and without professional athletes making millions and potential billions for playing a game it could maybe just maybe get rid of some of the problems with joblessness in any country .

Not saying just get rid of sports in general I am just saying if you start to pay the athletes less you could give that money to back to the people and the money given back to the people could be used to fund different types of organization based on finding people that are either homeless or jobless find a job to get them back on their feet .
If also executed good it would could then raise the minimum wage in each state from where it is now .
Cause right now the minimum wage range nationally is anywhere from $ 8.00 an hour to $ 13.00 an hour .
Take a team that has multiple sporting and athletic events and/or teams that make a lot of money and then mostly keep it to themselves and their athletes .
The state would get money back if they completely lower some of the salaries of these professional athletes , then you then give that money back to the people to create jobs and aid in finding cures for disease .

As an athlete can personally tell you that whether your a student athlete or professional all the work you put in shows whether be on the field or the classroom .
You always have to put the work in cause a game only last for a certain amount of years but personality last a lifetime .
Yes these athletes are paid a lot do they deserve every single million no , but do they deserve to make money yes they do this is their profession this is what they 're best at , and it shows in the way they act and play .
Why the multibillion dollar companies like the NBA which is the highest paying sport at an average of $ 4.6 m per player .
As an athlete hoping to make in the NFL someday , to make money this is why professional athletes should not be paid the was they are .