The life of Vladimir Lenin

Vladimir Ilich Ulyanov was born to Maria Aleksandrovna and Ilya Nikolayevich Ulyanov , in Simbirsk , Russia in 1870 .
He finished school with top marks and honours but was expelled before graduation due to him partaking in an illegal protest .
After he was expelled he discovered Karl Marx and began to read all of his books .
He joined extremist groups and started to publish his own books on the subject of Marxism .
A lot of his books were deemed illegal and this caught the eye of the Russian government .
After this , he was exiled to Siberia due to the formation of the group The Union for the Liberation of the Working Class .

While in Siberian exile he met his future wife , Nadezhda Krupskaya .
Later some Germans aided Lenin and a few of his comrades in getting back to Russia and they succeeded .
When Lenin came back , Russia was struggling with the threat of a revolution .
This led to him join in a revolution .
He suggested that they Some should kill their shadow - agent , blow up police stations ; others will rob a bank .
This revolution was put down by the authorities and taught Lenin that the real power was in the workers , soldiers and peasants .

After said attempted revolution the Russian Tsar formed a new government .
This government was the Russian Parliament , which did not last long .
Lenin did not like the government being a democracy , so he immigrated to Switzerland .
The February Revolution arrived as a stun to the Tsar , however , furthermore to numerous progressives , which include Lenin .
He did not return to Russia for a long time with the exception for half a month .
When he touched base at Petrograd train station , the gatekeepers with respect had been at the stage to welcome him .
Lenin was once anxious and said to his significant other , They will capture me !
When he understood there used to be no hazard he gave an energetic discourse directly at the station : Hail to the Global Socialist Revolution ! he announced .

Soon followed the fall of Tsarism in Russia .
This was Lenin 's first step into his plan to convert Russia into a socialist state .
His plan came to fruition soon with the start of the October Revolution .
This caused the fall of the Russian government .
Lenin came to power first as the head of The Soviet ( Council ) of People 's Commissaries .
He was very focused on the poorer people of Russia .
One of his first laws was the ban of the opposition press and he gave the workers more power in factories .
When he was asked about freedom of speech he stated , Freedom of speech ? !
We are not going to commit suicide .
The promise of food was made , but no matter what he could think of Lenin could not solve the problem .

Despite opposition from the country , Lenin signed a peace treaty with Germany at the price of territory and money .
This caused a schism within Russia causing a civil war .
The country was split into the Whites , the Reds , the forces of Petliura ( Ukrainian separatists ) , rioting peasants and soldiers , Cossacks .
This war caused the death of millions .
The whites made a power move by executing the Tsar .
Lenin was shot twice , his response was the Red Terror .

Because the workers had to much power in factories , they stopped working which threatened hunger all across Russia .
Lenin declared the dictatorship of War Communism , the war part explained the implementing of the order .
The word trade was banned and replaced exchange was used instead .
The government introduced food appointment which gave specific amounts of food to the poor people .
Lenin required everyone to work and failure to do so was punished by execution .
A new bureaucratic body was created ; the Labor Committee .
Public work was also required and overwhelming , everyone had to be involved , from workers to poets and scientists .
The country started to print too much money and inflation became a major problem .
People were paid 26 rubles a day whereas a pound of bread cost a lot more .

Soon a famine broke out in the Volga region .
This largely caused by drought and by the after - effects of the recent wars .
This caused the government to instate humanitarian aid .
The famine ended in 1922 and 1923 , depending on the region .
Soon after the end of the famine , Lenin suffered his first stroke .
After the stroke , Joseph Stalin and Leon Trotsky began to fight for power over the country .
Because he was still able to work , they died for the time being .
Later Lenin suffered his final stroke in 1924 .
This caused Stalin to take over the position of power .