Increased amounts of physical activity have the ability to change lives and help people to inspire others .
Therefore , employers should require their workers to participate in a wellness program to better their performance as employees .
Without a doubt , physical fitness is one of the best things we can do for our bodies .
Increased amounts of physical fitness have the potential to enrich the lives of Americans all over the country .
Employee wellness programs will not only help to better the lives of Americans , but can also result in a far more productive society .

Increased physical fitness will help achieve a more positive and healthy state of mind .
As Source 2 states , Increased fitness may lift your mood and improve your sleep patterns .
An increased amount of happiness could make the workplace a more enjoyable and brighter place to get work done .
An improvement in sleep patterns would mean more productivity and efficiency in employees .
Source 6 states that regular exercise can also improve blood flow to the brain and helps brain health and memory .
This could mean more organization and coherence in workers .
Physical activity will help to refine the environment of employees .

Obesity is a serious condition as well as costly , and causes people to look down on themselves .
Some of the leading causes of depression are low self - esteem and poor self image .
According to Source 8 , obese people are about twenty - five percent more likely to develop a disorder such as depression compared to those who are of normal weight .
Depression can cause employees to lose enthusiasm to come to work and do their job .
Obesity can also be very costly .

Hansen 2

As Source 1 says , The medical cost for people who have obesity was $ 1,429 higher than those of normal weight .
An increase in medical costs could cause employees to use up their savings or to get another part - time job to help to cover their rent .
This might make employees more dejected and negative about coming to work .
With the help of employee wellness programs , America could reduce the risk of obesity and higher medical costs .

Increased amounts of physical activity can reduce the risk of developing serious life - threatening diseases .
By exercising regularly , Americans can prevent conditions such as heart disease , type 2 diabetes , and certain types of cancer that are some of the leading causes of preventable , premature death ( Source 1 ) .
Employee exercise programs could help reduce the amount of American people dying of conditions due to not exercising .
In people with diabetes , exercise can help insulin more efficiently lower blood sugar levels ( Source 4 ) .
Employers should not risk their employees dying just because of a preventable condition .

Some may argue that employees may not have time or energy to participate in a wellness program .
While this is a valid point , the benefits of daily or weekly exercise far outweigh the disadvantages .
If employees do not have the time or energy to engage in an exercise program , they obviously do not make a good worker .
A good employee should be willing to try new things to better their performance and improve their work ethic .
Studies have shown that exercise may change levels of chemicals in your brain , such as serotonin , endorphins , and stress hormones ( Source 2 ) , which causes employees to perform their duties more efficiently .
If employees are not willing to better their performance , they should not have a job .

Hansen 3

There is no denying that physical fitness had the power to enhance and reform the lives of many .
For this reason , it should be a requirement for employees to participate in a wellness program to improve their work .
As a so called couch potato nation , America should be able to improve their stance and better their physical activity .
Having employee wellness programs would greatly help in this cause .
Requiring wellness programs for employees would not only change America 's nickname , but better the productivity of our country 's people .
As we help the nation 's employees to strengthen their health , the benefits are countless .

Bibliography

Adult Obesity Facts | Overweight & Obesity | CDC .
Centers for Disease Control

and Prevention , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ,

www.cdc.gov/obesity/data/adult.html .

Antibiotics and Common Illnesses ,

wa.kaiserpermanente.org/healthAndWellness?item=/common/healthAndWe

llness / conditions / heartDisease / exerciseBenefit .
html .

Department of Health & Human Services .
Physical Activity - It 's Important .

Better Health Channel , Department of Health & Human Services , 9 July

2012 , www.betterhealth.vic.gov.au / health / healthyliving / physical - activity - its-

Important .

Depression and Obesity .
Stroke Center - EverydayHealth .
com , Ziff Davis , LLC ,

15 July 2011 ,

www.everydayhealth.com/depression/depression-and-obesity.aspx .

EDITORIAL : Obesity in Our Midst : Alabamians Must Improve Lifestyles .

Anniston Star , The ( AL ) , 7 Aug. 2010 . EBSCOhost ,

search.ebscohost.com/login.aspx?direct=true&db=n5h&AN=2W63918083

668 & site = ehost - live & custid = s8499241 .

Reynolds , Gretchen .
Even a Little Exercise Might Make Us Happier .
The New

York Times , The New York Times , 2 May 2018 ,

www.nytimes.com/2018/05/02/well/move/even-a-little-exercise-might-make-us-happier.html .

The Top 10 Benefits of Regular Exercise .
Healthline , Healthline Media ,

www.healthline.com/nutrition/10-benefits-of-exercise .

Thompson , Jonathan .
Disadvantages of Physical Fitness .
LoveToKnow ,

LoveToKnow Corp ,

exercise.lovetoknow.com/Disadvantage_of_Physical_Fitness .

What You Need to Know about Exercise and Chronic Disease .
Mayo Clinic ,

Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research , 18 Dec. 2018 ,

www.mayoclinic.org / healthy - lifestyle / fitness / in - depth / exercise - and - chronic-

disease / art-20046049 .