

There are many different and unique ways that many people use to solve conflict .
Some examples like acting out , trying to fix the problem , brainstorming ideas , or even staying calm are used to try to fix the problem or conflict .
In the stories , The Diary of Anne Frank , The Boy in the Striped Pajamas , and Hideaki Akaiwa evidence from those stories , and even more , have great examples of how staying calm is the best way to solve conflict .
The stories listed above all relate to one another because the main characters had to deal with conflict , figured out how to solve the conflict and come up with a way to fix it .
The best way to solve conflict is to stay calm because it helps you not make the problem worse .
It also gives you time to think of positive situations which helps you to be patient and not force things to happen .

When trying to resolve conflict , staying calm can ensure that the problem will not get worse .
The story , Hideaki Akaiwa , is about a Japanese man that was at work during a tsunami who desperately wanted to find his wife and son to make sure they were ok .
Once he found his family they realized that there was a lot of damage done to the city they lived in . The couple has n't seen their house since Friday and have no idea what to expect .
But they are n't about to swim or scuba , preferring instead to wait patiently and hope .
( Hideaki Akaiwa , Magnier , paragraph 16 )
This piece of evidence shows that the husband and wife did n't put themselves in danger or make things worse by trying to get to there house .
Instead , they hoped for the best and did n't do anything to make the problem worse such as trying to get to their house .
Staying calm to solve conflict can be done in many different ways .
For example , ` They asked me to polish the glasses . ' said Shmuel .
` They said they needed someone with tiny fingers . '
( The Boy in the Striped Pajamas , Boyne , 22 )
Shmuel was a young boy that was put in a concentration camp .
This example tells us that Shmuel was told to do something , instead of making it worse , he followed the directions that were given to him without complaining .
Even if he did n't want to clean the glasses , he still did it and listened rather than making the problem worse .
In conclusion , if you stay calm and not act on the problem , it ca n't make the problem worse .

Thinking of a positive situation , or a way to fix the problem could help make things better .
When you remember an old situation when you had conflict , it could help you think of new ways to resolve the problem .
Thanks to father - who brought my entire postcard and movie - star collection here beforehand - and to a brush and a pot of glue , I was able to plaster the wall with pictures .
( Student Model , Frank , 20 )
Anne Frank was a young girl that went into hiding from the Nazis .
She was trying to make the best out of a really terrible situation .
She could possible die going into hiding and then living in the Secret Annex , but she does n't let that stop her from being like a normal child .
Malala , eventually recovered from her injuries . ..
and continues to advocate for girls ' and women 's rights .
( Malala wins the Nobel Peace Prize , Cukavac , 2 )
Malala was a teenage girl that stood up for her rights of education .
She was shot but put her mind in to making things better for women rights .
She thought of ideas of how to make things better which later on she did .
These pieces of evidence shows that when you think of situations to make the problem better , their is a good chance that things will be better .

People might think that staying calm is n't the best way to solve conflict .
A way of solving conflict by staying calm , is to not force things to happen , and to wait patiently even though it could be a bad situation .
` No sir .
He gave it to me , ' said Shmuel , tears welling up in his eyes as he threw a sideways glance at Bruno .
( The Boy in the Striped Pajamas , Boyne , 25 )
This shows that Shmuel really wanted anyone but mostly Bruno to stick up for him .
But , he never forced Bruno to say anything that he never wanted to say .
` No one 's leaving .
We ca n't panic .
If we panic , were lost .
( The Diary of Anne Frank , Goodrich and Hackett , 39 )
This shows that if they were to leave , they would have a chance of getting caught .
They stayed calm and did n't panic , instead they could think of a resolution .
Staying calm and being patient is important especially in a bad situation .
Instead of doing something , and putting yourself in danger or making the problem worse , you could stay calm and not force things to happen .

When you staying calm , can help you solve conflict .
It could help you not make the problem worse , it helps you think of positive situations , or it could even help you be more patient so you do n't force things to happen .
All the stories used to support the thesis statement have something very important in common .
The main character or characters all had conflict in their stories , but they all figured out how to solve the problem .
Like Anne Frank , she made the best out of a very scary situation .
They were living in the secret annex , and on Hanukkah , they normal all get gifts for one another , but they could n't because they were in hiding .
So Anne decided to make handmade gifts for every person so that way they can all be thankful .
Or Malala , she was shot because she was standing up for her right of education .
Even after she almost died , she did n't give up , she thought of good situations on how her education was important but she did n't use violence .
She stayed calm to think of situations that women deserve , and she made it happen .
But when solving conflict , you ca n't make the problem any worse , you could think of ways to fix the problem , or also it could help you relax and be patient so you do n't force things to happen .

