War is not necessary

Is war really the only way to solve the conflict , is there no other way to resolve our problems and not risk our people 's lives through violence ?
Our country and many others have been through dramatizing wars and attacks .
Many families torn apart by war and never reunited .
Our country in great debt and government buildings destroyed making our government collapse .
All the pain and suffering family members and close friends go through when loved ones die while risking their lives for our country .
Soldiers who have survived the great battles still suffering from PTSD .
There is no need for war , we can solve our problems in much more humane ways that benefit everyone .

Involves families getting separated and pulled apart happens often as a result of a war .
Not always physically separated but when people come back from war often times they suffer from PTSD and have drastic personality changes .
War involves innocent people getting hurt and families getting separated ( Impact on Soldiers and Their Families ) .
PTSD stands post dramatic syndrome , this means people suffer from depression and other mental or physical problems .
This is normally hard on the family members , they have a hard time adjusting to the change .
After coming home , changes can affect their relationships with family in many unfortunate ways .
When war is directly affecting the area where homes are , people may have to evacuate and leave behind pets and belongings ( Impact on Soldiers and The Families ) .
Some men and woman that come back from war fall to pieces because of the torment they went through and need psychological help to recover from their experiences which changes the way their families must live .
This is why war is unneeded .

Violence has never been the way we were taught to deal with our issues .
There are many other ways our country 's problems can be dealt with .
When people are able to describe a conflict clearly , they stand a better chance of resolving the problem before it turns to violence ( Creating Alternatives to Violence ) .
In other words , we can completely avoid all violence by simple discussion between the countries the issue affects .
We can do this by having debates and arguments .
Countries would be better of with simply debate and discussion ( Creating an Enemy : Social Militarization in the War on Terror ) .
There are more benefits to both sides through discussion .
This is why it is more beneficial to everyone to find other ways to solve problems .

War creates enemies and makes people turn against each other .
Whole countries turn against each other just because the government says they did something we do n't like .
One of the most prominent effects of social militarization is hostility toward any one of the same nationality as the enemy ( The Image of the Enemy and the Process of Change . )
In other words a great effect of war is anger and violence towards anyone that is the nationality of the opposing side .
Some people may not even agree with the government on their discount of war but they still go along turning hostility towards the enemy .
Such an attitude makes international relations even more unstable ; it works against rational and responsible behavior .
( Creating an Enemy : Social Militarization in the War on Terror . )
International relations suffer from war , they become even more unstable .
This is why war does nothing but tear nations apart and bring violence to innocent peoples homes .

Our problems can be solved in ways that benefit both sides and no one will suffer the loss of friends and family .
Many people believe that war and violence is the only way to solve the conflict between countries and states .
If we simply had discussion and arguments no one would get hurt and no one will suffer losses , we would not need war .
War is not the only way to resolve conflict , we can simply have strong arguments and work out the issues through discussion .
Is war really the only way to solve our problems , or is simply discussing our issues and arguments truly effective and beneficial way to solve the conflict ?

