We Should Allow Immigrants Into The United States .

According to bureau of labor statistics Now more than 6.5 million jobs are available !
Why would n't we use this to help the many people in need ?
President Obama once said What makes someone American is n't just blood or birth .
It is their allegiance to our founding principles and faith in the idea that anyone from anywhere can write the next chapter of our story .
Central Americans should be allowed to legally immigrate into the United States because it will create a new and better lifestyle for central americans , it will also create workforce within the united States of America .
These laws that will take place will greatly help and affect the lives of the many immigrants and their families .
It would clearly mean a lot to the people of Central America and for the wellbeing of the United States .

Giving the immigrants this chance will create a better lifestyle and an asylum for them .
This is what they are looking for when they come to America .
According to fairus .
org Migrants from Central America continue to seek improved economic opportunities in the U.S. due to the country 's exceptional exchange rate .
Also according to rescue .
org The United States has a long tradition of offering refuge to those fleeing persecution and war .
However , the current administration , citing unfounded security concerns , put a travel ban in place , slashed refugee arrivals to their lowest levels ever , and separated families while criminalizing desperate people seeking an asylum .
The Central americans are not looking to cause trouble and are only looking to better their lifestyle because of this they create very good and hard working people .
This clearly shows you why you need give these desperate people a chance for a new and better lifestyle .

The immigrants can create increased amounts of workforce within the United States and its economy .
According to state .
gov the Central Americans have experienced a high crime rate .
Why not help people get away from this so they can enhance their lifestyle .
Also according to as - coa .
org immigrants will be critical to filling future labor gaps .
With 76 million retiring and only 46 million U.S. - born workers entering the workforce by 2030 .
These statistics show how important the immigrants from Central America will be .
Our economy and workforce are in need of these willing and helpful hands .

Immigration laws have a great impact on how the people of Central America feel and live .
So many people have a relative or close person who is in the united states and it is inhumane to separate families because of where they where they were born or their heritage .
According to migration policy .
org , one in every four immigrants have had a relative serve for the United States military .
Also according to npr .
org Mr. Lopez states ` ` I made the decision to migrate to the United States because there are no jobs in Central America , he says , that 's why women , children , everybody is leaving my country , to make a decent living , he says .
My family did n't have money to send me to school and have a profession .
Maybe my kids can get an education and can create a better life for themselves .
Lopez says poverty forced him to quit school after seventh grade .
These people do not deserve this treatment because of the fact that they are healthy for the United States .
It clearly matters to the people of Central America about how these laws take place and why it could separate their families in the years to come .

The Central Americans should clearly be allowed to legally immigrate to the United States .
Apple , Microsoft , Google and Facebook are all also considering their options .
If this tire - kicking becomes a trend , it will compromise America 's ability to remain a global leader in technology .
According to Michiganradio .
org this would create more work force and these people are coming to get a job and education so they can succeed in life .
It is crucial we show what it means to the immigrants , how it creates jobs and gives opportunity with second chances to those who need .
Does the United States want to destroy families and take away people 's education because they wanted to be an American or because they were fleeing persecution in other countries ?

