Tackle Football Must not be Banned for Youth

Football is an honest game .
It 's true to life .
It 's a game about sharing .
Football is a team game .
So is life ( Namath ) .
If no sharing is involved in life , nobody will get anything done .
They will gain rewards such as teamwork , or social skills .
Football will help with health problems such as heart disease , due to exercise .
Football allows children to get off their devices , and get outside to exercise .
Youth football must not be banned because it helps with team working skills , health problems , and exercising within children .

Football helps kids with social skills and introduces them to teamwork .
Football makes kids evolve around their teammates .
If they pass the ball and their teammate scores , they will feel proud ( AAP ) .
Passing the ball and encouraging their teammates are the only ways to score .
Working together makes life easier .
By working together , tasks become easier ( Glatter ) .
It is easier to score a touchdown if the football is passed .
Youth football must not be banned because it helps with team working skills within children .

Youth football promotes a healthy lifestyle .
It helps with working away chronic diseases such as heart disease .
Football counts towards your recommended amount of aerobic activity and brings benefits including reducing your risk of certain chronic illnesses such as heart disease , stroke , and type 2 diabetes ( Dompier ) .
When kids participate in football , it will prevent them

Somers 2

and help them from receiving chronic illnesses .
Football will increase stamina in kids .
It will help improve your overall cardiovascular health and you should see your endurance increase overtime if played frequently ( Goodpaster ) .
Children find it easier to breathe while playing football .
Youth football must not be banned due to reduced health risks .

Football allows children to get outside and exercise .
Children need to go outside and enjoy what is around them .
Parents want their kids to get outside , so football is that solution ( Weber ) .
Football is a way to get outside and breathe in the fresh air .
Not letting children play sports may open gateways to health problems .
If kids do n't get outside , they will have other health issues ( Should Tackle Football be Banned ) .
Exercising is the key to stopping those problems .
Exercising is a way to prevent health problems , therefore , youth football must not be banned .

Banning youth football is useless because it helps with social skills , health problems , and exercising within kids .
Some people say tackle football can cause concussions in developing kids ' brains .
This can have long term psychological effects .
However , if we did not have football as a sport , people would have a lack of social skills and sharing abilities .
A vast majority of people would not be exercising , and therefore , have health problems .
If football would be removed , how would our society look ?

Somers 3

