Abortion is a Horrible Practice

Abortion ends an estimated 1 in 4 pregnancies worldwide per year , states the Guttmacher Institute .
Abortion is a practice that terminates an embryo or fetus while in the womb .
In 1973 , abortion became legalized , at the case of Roe vs. Wade , but it was legalized because of Roe 's privacy , not because it was needed .
During pregnancy , the mother and child are completely different human beings , thus making abortion murder of a small , innocent life .
In addition , abortion may take a toll on the mother 's mental health .

A new life begins in the Fallopian tube , when conception occurs , therefore ending that life , even if it is shortly thereafter , is murder .
In the Merriam Webster dictionary , the definition of `` abortion''  is the termination of a pregnancy after , accompanied , by resulting in , or closely followed by the death of the embryo or fetus . ''
In the definition it says death , and to perform an abortion , there are multiple ways , but one way , you take a pill , which kills the fetus or embryo , making it murder of the fetus .
Just because the human does not have a name yet , does not mean it is not murder .
The practice of abortion needs to be murdered not the precious lives that are not fully developed yet .

Abortion is not like killing off some growth disease , or cyst in the female 's body , abortion is killing a separate , living human being .
When a woman is pregnant the baby is not a part of her body , it is a completely separate person .
When she is pregnant , the umbilical cord and placenta separate the mother from child .
Their blood never mixes and both , bore and bearer have different circulatory systems .
If both bodies ran off of the same blood and circulatory systems , then would it be okay to kill off the baby , because it is part of the mother 's body .
The mother and child are completely different people during the pregnancy so she can decide what to do with her body , but not what to do with her baby 's body .
Meaning if she does n't want to have a baby , she should put her child up for adoption because there are people who can not have their own children , and the mother may fall in love when she sees her creation .
Abortion is not a practice that should be legal in the United States of America because the mother and child are not the same person .

Another reason abortion should be outlawed is the health concerns of the mother .
`` Women who have had an abortion are 3 times more likely to commit suicide and 81 % more likely to have mental health issues '' ( 19 Shocking Post Abortion Depression Statistics . )
The number of women who are getting abortions is rising , thus meaning more women with depression and anxiety , that is not good because then it will be harder to hold down a job or family .
Abortion obviously is hard on the woman 's body , otherwise more than 81 % would n't slide into post - abortion depression .

Abortion is an awful practice because it is murder since the moment the ovum and sperm cell met in the Fallopian tube , the mother and child are not the one in the same , they are two different people , and because it has a lasting impact on the mother 's mental and physical health .
Abortion is not a bad practice if the mother 's health and well - being is in danger .
Well , during pregnancy the mother 's physical health is never in jeopardy , the American Life League states in an article on post - abortion expectations .
You could never imagine of going and killing someone who is out of the womb , then why kill someone who still is in the womb ?

