Can Music Change Perspective ?

Music is powerful and can do a lot to someone mentally and physically .
People listen to music because it makes them happy .
There are so many different types of music , all of them are different in their own ways .
For example , people listen to instrumental music to calm down , others listen to Rap or Pop music to get happy or dance to .
A lot of people listen to music for therapy because it can heal them .
Some artists write songs and talk about a controversial topic and persuade people to see it as they do , should artists be able to do that ?

Music makes you think and can help in many way with someone 's personality .
People use music in different ways , some people use it to just listen to for fun and some people use it to relax .
Music therapy is a real and recognized service .
This type of therapy is a natural way for people to become happier while restoring their energy ( Does Music Affect our Mood ) .
People go to music therapy because it releases built up stress .
Research proves that when you listen to music like , your brain releases dopamine , a feel - good neurotransmitter ( Michelle Millis ) .
So when you see someone singing a song or dancing to music that means that their body is reacting and releasing dopamine .
Music is used for many purposes and can really change people 's lives .

A lot of people listen to music because it is popular .
People listen to music because they enjoy it .
We like music because it makes us feel good , music provokes intense emotion says Philip .
When some people listen to music they get emotional over it , their mood completely changes .
Using magnetic resonance imaging they showed that people listening to pleasurable music had activated brain regions called the limbic and paralimbic areas , which are connected to euphoric reward responses , like those we experience from delicious food explains Philip .
A lot of people listen to music because they like the emotion from a song and because it makes them feel happy .

Different types of music make us feel different .
For example , rap music might make someone excited and happy , but jazz music might make someone relaxed and calm .
Music is not only able to affect your mood , listening to particularly happy or sad music can even change the way we perceive the world Music Changes Perception .
Some artists like to write songs about political or natural events that they want to see different .
Artists have written about all kinds of events from war to global warming .

