Physical Education Should be a Required Class

Sweat is dripping down the faces of students in gym class .
Running ‍as fast as they can to complete their lap around the track as their legs begin to lose feeling .
Their fellow classmates watch from inside the classroom as they slouch in their chair .
As they witness their friends and schoolmates continue to get stronger and grow , they sit there with a blank mind .
All students in the United States should be required to take physical education every year of high school because by including physical activity in their everyday routines will increase their chances of being healthier , students academic performance and behavior will improve and , their mental health will benefit .

When students are required to take a P.E. class in high school their chances of staying healthy during the school year are greater than when they are not participating in one .
Physical education contributes to keeping teens and young adults in shape .
The Center for Disease Control and Prevention states that , Regular physical activity can help children and adolescents improve cardiorespiratory fitness , build strong bones and muscles , control weight , and reduce the risk of developing health conditions such as , heart disease , cancer , type 2 diabetes , high blood pressure , osteoporosis and , obesity .
This statement shows that physical activity can help with a students overall health .
Movement and exercise are the best way to get your brain ready .
In studies , physical activity has shown to , boost energy levels , help with relaxation and a better sleep quality ( 7 Great Reasons Why Exercise Matters ) .
When students have had a good night 's rest , they are more likely to work harder throughout the day .
The health benefits of physical activity prove why all students should be required to take physical education every year of high school .

Many teens and young adults struggle with academic skills in school .
Learning and progressing within their school work , as well as staying on task during the school day can be maintained by exercising and being physically active on a daily schedule .
A total of 26 studies has confirmed physical education improved behavior in classrooms and academic achievement , especially mathematics - related skills , reading , and composite scores in youth ( Álvarez - Bueno ) .
Once students continue their learning and schooling , their skills continue to grow and get better .
They will have a better chance in succeeding later in life .
The brain is best to learn and grow , when its refreshed and ready to start the day .
Exercise improves learning on three levels : First , it optimizes your mindset to improve alertness , attention , and motivation ; second , it prepares and encourages nerve cells to bind to one another , which is the cellular basis for logging in new information ; and third , it spurs the development of new nerve cells from stem cells in the hippocampus ( Exercise and the Brain : How Fitness Impacts Learning ) .
When students are getting movement incorporated into their day , the result is that their learning skills are increasing .
For these reasons it should be mandatory for students to take physical education every year of high school .

Every teen at some point in their school career has experienced stress , mental strain or even depression .
Exercising and movement are components to help relieve these .
A recent study done by the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health found that running for 15 minutes a day or walking for an hour reduces the risk of major depression by 26 % ( The Mental Health Benefits of Exercise ) .
Even just getting up and moving your body can help with mental strain .
Physical education can boost your self confidence .
The participation in physical education in high school provides a positive influence on a student 's personality , character and self - esteem ( Importance of Physical Education in High School ) .
Physical education gives a student the chance to change the way they feel about themselves .
It should be a requirement for students to take P.E. all through high school .

Physical education provides many health benefits , students academic work and progress will increase and , their mental health is being affected positively .
For these reasons students should be required to take P.E. every year of high school .
Although physical education is the right choice , there is some negatives .
Schools who have many choices within their curriculum gives students a chance to join a class they are interested in , the school and teachers may not have the time to squeeze P.E. into their schedule .
However , in this situation the positive exceed the negative , and students will benefit more .
All schools in the United States require high schools to make physical education mandatory .

