Secondhand Smoke

Secondhand smoking is a monumental issue across Michigan .
Since there is an abundant amount of people who smoke , it is difficult to escape the fumes of smoking .
Therefore countless people are at risk because of secondhand smoke .
Not only does it affect adults , it affects children and animals too .
A bountiful amount of people take secondhand smoke for granted .
Secondhand smoke is not something to take for granted , it is severe and harmful .
Nobody knows the entire outcome of the effects that secondhand smoke has on adults , children and animals too .
Secondhand smoke is a serious problem and must come to a halt in Michigan .

The side effects of secondhand smoke on animals is as awful as it is on humans .
When an animal has health issues the side effects of secondhand smoke can make their health issue heaps worse than it already was .
Inhaling the fumes of secondhand smoke can affect animals exactly how it can affect humans .
For dogs that already have breathing or lung issues , inhaling tobacco smoke can worsen their symptoms and chronic coughing ( Center for Veterinary Medicine ) .
Not only dogs , but other animals can have health issues and the effects of secondhand smoke can worsen them .
Recent research carried out by a team at the University of Glasgow found that dogs , cats and small animals such as guinea pigs and birds could be at as much at risk from second - hand smoke as people ( Is It Safe to Smoke around Cats and Dogs ? )
.
Since an abundant amount of animals are at risk , people across Michigan need to come to a standstill with their smoking .
The side effects of secondhand smoke are unreal and must be stopped .

Secondhand smoke must stop in public places across Michigan because adults are breathing in extra unfortunate fumes .
The effect of secondhand smoke on adults can cause their health issues to escalate for the worse .
Secondhand smoke is harmful to adults across Michigan because it can cause health issues and cancer .
Secondhand smoke harms children and adults , and the only way to fully protect nonsmokers is to eliminate all smoking in homes , worksites , and public places ( Smoking & Tobacco Use ) .
Nonsmokers are at a considerable risk because of secondhand smoke , and it is difficult to protect them from harmful fumes .
Approximately 3,000 lung cancer deaths occur each year among adult nonsmokers in the United States as a result of exposure to secondhand smoke ( Secondhand Smoke and Cancer ) .
As a result of adults breathing the fumes of secondhand smoke , they can draw in lung cancer and other diseases .
Secondhand smoke must be stopped in public places across Michigan because it can harm oodles of adults .

The effect of smoking around children is a serious problem that must come to a close in Michigan .
When children breathe the fumes of secondhand smoke it can affect how they grow .
Children are sensitive to secondhand smoke because they are young and still developing .
Children who are exposed to secondhand tobacco smoke breathe the same dangerous chemicals that smokers inhale ( Smoking & Tobacco Use Children ) .
Children should not be breathing the same chemicals that smokers inhale , especially because they do n't have any control over it .
Children 's bodies are still developing , and exposure to the poisons in secondhand smoke puts them at risk of severe respiratory diseases and can hinder the growth of their lungs ( HEALTH EFFECTS OF SECONDHAND SMOKE ON CHILDREN ) .
Children are inexperienced with breathing tobacco chemicals and do n't know how to deal with tobacco fumes .
Although children can potentially escape the chemicals of secondhand smoke , most of them ca n't and are in harm .
Children are in danger across Michigan because of secondhand smoke , and therefore it must come to a halt .

Secondhand smoke is a colossal issue in Michigan and it must layoff .
Some people say that secondhand smoke does n't harm anyone or anything and it shall not be stopped .
They are wrong because secondhand smoke harms adults , children and animals .
Michigan is a state that ca n't have the harm of secondhand smoke .
Animals and children especially are in danger because they have no way of helping themselves .
Public places need to be safe for everyone and ca n't have the lingering fumes of secondhand smoke .
It is not pleasing that over 3,000 deaths have been caused because of lung cancer , which was a result of secondhand smoke .
Although there is an abundance of tobacco users in Michigan , it must be stopped because there have been deadly diseases and many deaths due to secondhand smoke .
Secondhand smoking is a huge problem and must come to a close in Michigan now .

