Should Kids Play Sports

Bumps and bruises , cuts and scratches , broken bones and sprained ankles .
Despite all the injuries sports bring us , they are an essential part of our childhood .
Since sports create strong individuals , all children must be encouraged to participate .
Kids who are physically active are less likely to be obese .
They 're better in the classroom .
They go to college .
They 're more likely to be active parents .
And because of that , their kids are more active ( Bogage ) .
All elementary and middle school students must play a sport because it teaches lifelong traits .

Some of the lessons that sports teach us are perseverance and commitment .
Perseverance is necessary in countless situations , and is needed to accomplish tasks .
Perseverance is a transferable skill set that helps with time management , achieving long - term goals , and learning the invaluable lessons of life and sport 's inevitable mistakes and setbacks ( Sports and Character : Perseverance ) .
Perseverance can help with more than just sports , it can assist you with your school assignments , or jobs .
By persevering , kids are showing a sense of commitment .
When an athlete is committed to a sport , it opens up many more competitive opportunities .
Sport commitment is a central motivational construct because it goes right to the heart of athletes ' persistent pursuit of their sport ( Commitment in Sports ) .
Commitment creates good leadership experience and strong teams .
Perseverance and commitment are two basic skills that are provided by sports , and create outstanding lifelong opportunities .

Playing sports also enforces common goals and teamwork .
Teamwork is an important trait for future careers and leadership roles .
Working as a team teaches one to keep personal differences aside , and focus on what 's good for the team ( 7 Completely Unique Advantages of Teamwork in Sports ) .
Teamwork builds strong teams , schools , and communities .
Also , teamwork is necessary for success .
Since teams are working together to achieve a common goal , it can be more successfully reached because of the support coming from fellow teammates .
One thing about championship teams is that they 're resilient .
No matter what is thrown at them , no matter how deep the hole , they find a way to bounce back and overcome adversity Nick Saban , head coach of the Alabama Crimson Tide ( What We Can Learn from the Common Goal of a Football Team )
This skill will transfer over to an athlete 's studies and career .
Common goals and teamwork creates strong leadership and helps organizations reach their goals faster .

Also , sports create remarkable social skills and career opportunities .
Studies prove that former athletes tend to be fantastic managers and employees .
When athletes enter the workplace they carry that same sense of commitment with them ( DesMarais ) .
Because sports provide many exceptional traits , for example leadership and hard work , businesses crave former athletes for employees .
While competing , not only is the sense of commitment formed , but also self - respect and leadership .
Sports also create confidence and motivation .
One - time athletes are seen as having more self - confidence , more self - respect , and better leadership skills than people who pursued other hobbies — yearbook and band , in the case of the study ( Sugar ) .
Playing sports creates a greater potential for young athletes .
When kids play sports , more opportunities will arrive in the future .

Although , some might argue that sports can be harmful to children physically and mentally .
Sometimes parents can be too serious about pushing their kids to compete in sports .
This will have negative consequences on your relationship with your kids and also push a diminished understanding of their own identity and worth ( Why Your Kids Should Not Play Youth Sports ) .
When parents scream on the sidelines , their kids want to please them , and are disappointed when they do not achieve .
Strict parents are not the only reason that kids must not participate .
Injuries can also occur while competing .
Each year , more than 775,000 children under age 15 are treated in hospital emergency rooms for sports injuries ( Cooper ) .
While playing sports , there is always a risk of being injured .
Despite injuries and over enthusiastic parents , there are multiple reasons why children can benefit from physical activity .
Exercise alone is mandatory in the daily lives of all children .

Since sports teach lifelong traits , all elementary and middle school students must compete .
Sports provide a confident and committed lifestyle .
Businesses also prefer employees that have had athletic experience .
While cooperating on a team , kids develop a sense of teamwork and learn to work towards a common goal .
Research proves that kids who competed as former athletes have a more successful life .
There are multiple opportunities in the world for young kids to be involved in sports .
Sports can vary at many levels from a house league to a club or travel team .
Research confirms that sports are beneficial to everyone , but how much is too much ?

