To Kill A Mockingbird is a powerful book written in the 1960s by Harper Lee about racism in southern Alabama .
The events of the book are based off of real events that took place in the 1930s .
In the book Atticus tells Jem and Scout that Mockingbirds do not harm anyone and we should n't harm them because all they do is sing to people .
Boo , Tom , and Atticus symbolize the mockingbird because of their innocence , and they are all admirable characters who only want to help people .

Atticus is the town lawyer , and he goes to trial with Tom because Tom was accused of raping a young girl , Mayella .
Atticus believes Tom is innocent so he does everything in his power to keep him out of jail .
He symbolizes a Mockingbird because he wants the best for everyone .
Atticus is a guy who everyone looks up to in Maycomb he is also the father of Jem and Scout , throughout the book Atticus makes sure that the kids do n't follow other people 's footsteps and become racist because it is n't a good path for them to follow .
I saw something only a lawyer 's child could be expected to watch for , and it was like watching Atticus walk into the street , raise the rifle to his shoulder and pull the trigger but watching all the time knowing the gun was empty .
( Lee 214 )
Similar to a Mockingbird Atticus is defenseless against the jury 's predigest during the trial .
He can only stand and listen as the jury wrongly convicts Tom .

Tom symbolizes a mockingbird because he never harms anyone .
Tom never raped Mayella , she only accused him of rape because she made a move on him when she was n't supposed to .
She is white and he is black , and to cover up that Mayella likes Tom she said that he raped her and beat her up , but those events never occurred , and that is why Atticus Finch is going to trial with Tom .
Even though Tom and Atticus know that Tom does n't deserve what is happening , they never let their anger out and do anything rash , and they never let their guards down .
They fired a few shots in the air , then to kill him .
They got him just as he went over the fence , they said if he had two good arms he would have made it . ..
( Lee 239 )

Tom Robinson was defenseless , and he was tragically gunned down as he attempted to free the prison yard , after he was convicted for raping Mayella .
He tried to escape knowing that he would be shot because he did n't want to live in the town any longer with prejudice people .

Boo symbolizes a mockingbird because he does nothing but mind his own business throughout the entire book .
He only comes out of his house when he absolutely needs to , and even when he does he still minds his own business and does n't bother any white people because he does n't want the same thing that happened to Tom , happen to him .
Boo was our neighbor .
He gave us two soap dolls , a broken watch , and chain , a pair of good luck pennies , and our lives .
( Lee 280 )
After Boo Radley saves the children 's lives , sheriff Tate refuses to disclose the information to the public so no one bother Boo .
Similar to a defenseless Mockingbird .

To Kill A Mockingbird won Pulitzer prize for fiction after being on the bestseller list for more than 40 weeks .
This book taught a lot of people about racism and how bad it used to be , and how bad it still is today .
All in all Atticus , Boo , and Tom symbolize a mockingbird because they are all harmless throughout the entire novel .