Should our Veterans be Founded ?

When did you think that veterans would start killing themselves over war ?
Our country has lost many veterans that have committed suicide .
The veterans that you might see at the grocery store our the nearby diner might be going something terrible .
We can not let these veterans keep committing suicide .
All veterans must have support because of the financial and brain disorder that comes from war .

Health issues is a big problem in our states .
It has changed many people 's lives .
Especially veterans , there are many veterans that come back from war with a disorder called Post Traumatic Stress Disorder ( PTSD ) .
`` Grants may be used only for the purpose of establishing , expanding or improving Veterans cemeteries that are owned and operated by a state , federally - recognized tribal government , or U.S. territory '' ( White House ) .
These grants are not enough , there are still how many veterans dying , because of these health rates .
`` A June study in the journal Archives of General Psychiatry found that one in 10 Iraq war vets develop serious mental problems , including violent behavior , depression and alcohol abuse '' ( War Related Illness Study Center ) .

The costs for these veterans are very high .
Not just when they hurt themselves as a cost but the money factor .
There is a set limit of costs at $ 123 , 600 in assets ( Va benefits claims and amp ) .
In the FY 2019 Budget , President Trump proposes a total of $ 198.6 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) .
What this means is that Mr. Donald Trump is supporting our veterans .
This request , an increase of $ 12.1 billion over 2018 , will ensure the Nation 's Veterans receive high - quality health care and timely access to benefits and services ( VA ) .
This sentence tells us that our country sees that there is a problem in our country with these veterans , and we are helping them .
The 2020 AA request includes $ 79.1 billion in discretionary funding for Medical Care including collections ; and $ 121.3 billion in mandatory funding for Veterans benefits programs ( `` Compensation and Pensions , Readjustment Benefits , and Veterans Insurance and Indemnities accounts '' ) .
Mr. Donald Trump os raising the budget for all of these costs , so then our veterans can appreciate what they did for our country .

Our veterans go through way too many tragedies that we could never repay them .
Veterans are volunteers that want to just keep our country safe .
Military researchers have reported that nearly one in five of the more than two million U.S. service members who have been deployed to either Iraq or Afghanistan have returned with an array of signs and symptoms that we are now calling post - deployment syndrome or ( PSD )
The Illness of War ) .
This means that one in every five United States service members have Post Deployment Syndrome ( PDS ) .
Traumatic Brain Injury ( TBI ) may occur anytime the head is shaken or hit , causing `` concussion '' or `` closed head injury '' ( `` War Related illness and Injury Study Center '' ) .
This is another disorder that happens to veterans , after coming home from war .
Veterans with more severe TBIs are at greater risk for long term complications .
The severity of a TBI is defined by looking at three factors at the time of the head injury ( War Related Illness and Injury Study Center ) .
If you were in the war and you where a gunner or someone who handles the guns here is a higher chance to have TBI .

All veterans must have support because of the financial and brain disorders that come from war .
Some people say that America does not have enough money to fund our veterans .
We must use the money on funding schools and feeding the homeless .
They are wrong , we must find the money for our veterans because they fought for our freedom .
Our veterans serve our country every day , they leave their families , friends , and there life behind to make sure we can have a good life and have our rights .
So whenever you see a veteran in public , our if you are related to one , just remember to thank them for there service for our freedom .

