Boxing should have significant changes to protect participants .
Boxing should not be banned .
It is a loved sport , and there are plenty of people who enjoy boxing .
The participants who play this sport increase their general fitness and health .
Although , boxing is a dangerous sport it is also a sport that can benefit the people who play it .
Boxing should not be banned because it increases fitness and health , supports women athletes , and helps people who come from poor backgrounds .

First of all boxing is beneficial for the participant 's health , and allows them to work on their general fitness .
It is healthy for people to exercise , and can make them overall a happier person .
Boxing specifically , helps people strengthen different muscles since boxing works on a range of different muscles .
Playing this sport can give participants a confidence boost and help their mental and emotional condition .
Training for boxing discourages drinking , smoking , and drug taking , believes Greenfield and Osborn .
People who participate in boxing become overall a better person .
People are exposed to others that can be good influences .
They can also help people become a better person .
Conversely boxing is a dangerous sport it can be more dangerous to drink , smoke , or partake in any drug usage while participating in boxing .
Boxing is a beneficial sport , and is as dangerous as any sport .
Boxing is not a high impact sport such as football .

Second boxing promotes women participating in the sport .
Boxing gives women a sport to influence and inspire others .
For instance when women get inspired and want to take up boxing they are able to .
Women are able to follow their role models , and become role models themselves .
Women can become champions , and be given opportunities .
Female boxers have the opportunity to achieve more than they could before .
Women were looked down upon , and no one supported female boxing .
Because of this women had little to no opportunities and made little money off of boxing .
Boxing as a women 's carrier makes little income to support and make a living .
Women are pressured into looking and acting a certain way .
There are so many pressures on women nowadays in magazines and TV to look perfect , be skinny and made up to the last , claims Park .
These gender stereotypes are being broken , and women are not as expected to meet certain requirements .
Additionally , women are being more and more supported , and inspiring others to do the same .
Overall female boxers not having to fight to get out of the shadows , and having more opportunities open to them sends a positive message .

Next boxing is able to assist people from poor backgrounds .
Boxing can change someone 's life mentally and financially .
People from poor backgrounds are able to use boxing as a way to work on their financial problems .
But poverty and other social disadvantages could be addressed directly by appropriate focused government social - welfare policies , asserts Greenfield and Osborn .
The people with poor backgrounds could live a better life .
On a different note boxing also teaches self - discipline .
Training to be a boxer requires self - discipline or will teach self - discipline .
The self - discipline that is taught benefits the boxers .
This can assist the boxers to not commit crimes throughout their life .
Boxers are able to make themselves financially secure , and avoid living their life with crime .
Boxing is a sport that can change someone 's life in a positive way .

On the contrary boxing can also be a dangerous sport , and cause damage to the brain and body .
Boxing could cause serious and permanent damage to the participant or death .
A moderate blow can cause the brain to hit against its sidewall , and a more severe blow can cause damage to the frontal lobes .
This causes bruising or bleeding to the frontal lobes .
The damage to nerve cells is permanent , and the damage is increased when repeated claims McCormick .
Some claim that boxing is 83 times more deadly than high school football and 50 times more than college football .
By contrast , others assert that boxing has produced fewer deaths than baseball or football .
Further , boxing is not more deadly than any other sport .
It is possible for any participants in other sports , for example a higher impact sport like football , to be just as deadly , if not more than boxing .

In conclusion , boxing should not be banned because it can support people in helping their health and increasing fitness , it promotes female boxing , and boxing can assist people with poor backgrounds .
Although boxing should have significant modifications designed to protect participants because any nerve damage is permanent .
Moreover , modifications can prevent a significant amount of deaths and injuries .
Therefore , boxing should not be banned because this sport can assist in changing someone 's life , and people who play this sport gain various benefits from boxing .
As a result boxing should make significant modifications , but still be an enjoyable sport .