Should Organic Food be a Requirement for American Farmers

Eating organic foods can add years to your life .
Organic foods are extremely good for your health .
Organic foods are healthier because they contain no chemicals also , organic foods help prevent heart diseases ( DeNoon ) .
One benefit of buying organic food is that it is better for the natural environment .
Because organic foods help prevent heart disease , they are better for your health .

Organic foods are better for the environment .
The UK organic foods association said that , when farmers grow organic foods they do not use any pesticides .
They also use less industrial machinery .
Organic foods are better for the natural environment .
Organic foods are grown without chemicals and are not genetically modified .
Time magazine stated that organic foods take longer to grow because they do not use pesticides to grow their food faster .
Because farmers do not use chemicals when growing organic foods , they do not kill or poison wild animals who might eat them .

Organic foods are better for your health .
Organic foods have a higher nutritional value than normal foods .
The Mayo Clinic said that organic foods contain more nutrition .
Because organic

foods have less chemicals they are better for your health .
Organic foods carry no pesticides or chemicals .
Studies show that there is a significant decrease in toxic metals within organic foods .
As the evidence shows , organic foods are indeed better for your health .

Organic food can help prevent diseases .
WebMD states that eating organic foods can lower your chances of getting heart and lung cancer .
The New York Times said that , a new study finds that organically grown tomatoes contain higher levels of flavonoids , which may protect against cardiovascular disease .
Because organic foods have more flavonoids than non organic food , they help prevent diseases .

Eating organic foods can add years to your health .
On the other hand organic foods are more expensive .
The Consumer Reports organization stated that on average organic foods are twice as expensive than non organic foods .
Although organic foods are more expensive , it should not matter your health should come before money .
Because organic foods help prevent diseases , they should be purchased instead of non organic food .
Organic foods will add multiple years to your health so the money should not matter because time is priceless .

