Sharks are not Murderers

Sharks are considered cold - blooded killers , but are they really ?
Sharks see almost anything like food and they will try to eat whatever they come across .
If a shark sees something that looks anything like an animal they will probably try to take a bite of it .
Sharks might feel threatened if there are some other creatures around .
Sharks do not like the taste of human but if they are starving to death they will eat one .
Large sharks are used to biting into thick tissue and fatty sea lions and might want a taste of a human .
Sharks are not murders , their instinct is to kill and feed themselves .

Sharks instincts are to kill and hunt for food to stay alive .
If sharks see a good sized or even a small animal they might just try to eat it for lunch .
Just about any animal can be a meal for a shark ( Scardina ) .
This means human swimming in the sea could look similar to a seal for a shark .
Sharks , under the right conditions , might attack a human looking like an unknown figure .
Sharks are known to attack humans if they are confused or curious ( NOAA ) .
A shark that has never seen or tasted a human before might want to take a nibble of a person to see what they taste like .
Sharks are not killers , they have DNA to kill and feed on predators .

Sharks do not see humans as harmless .
Some divers see sharks that are lying on the bottom of the sea floor with no fins , not being able to move or hunt .
Sharks that are caught and their fins are cut off are not always dead when their bodies get thrown back into the sea ( Stewart ) .
Sharks without fins are not able to move or hunt , which will end up killing them .
When a shark is threatened by a something it will attack whatever threatening it .
Sharks have been known to attack humans if they are confused threatened or curious ( NOAA ) .
A shark that is new to the world may not know what a human tastes like and might want to try to taste it .
We kill sharks more than sharks kill us .

Sharks are not the real murders , humans are .
sharks are becoming more rare to see because of near extinction .
About one sharks is killed every sixteen seconds ( Riley ) .
Humans are the main cause for near extinction of sharks .
Sharks kill about seven people a year , compared to the two hundred and seventy three million sharks killed a year .
Humans kill more sharks than sharks kill humans ( Ward ) .
Sharks are going extinct because of human .
We see sharks as big bad killers , but really we are .

Sharks are not murders , although people see them that way .
Sharks will attack something if they are curious , confused or threatened and not because they want to .
Although sharks kill a few people a year , people kill over two hundred thousand sharks a year .
Sharks are more aggressive towards if we anger them .
If sharks were not hunted for soup and other used , they would be more prosperous .
People eat sharks in restaurants , but just the fins .
The rest of the shark is thrown back into the the ocean to sink too the bottom and fie .

