USS Indianapolis

Was it Captain McVay 's fault that the USS Indianapolis sunk ?
It was not the Captain 's fault that the ship sank .
He was just following his protocall , research shows that if visibility is low that it is not necessary to zigzag ( they zigzag to decrease the chance of being hit by torpedoes ) .

It was not the captain 's fault , zigzagging was not necessary when the visibility was so low .
Here is some evidence that shows that captain McVay is innocent .
On Sunday night , the 29th of July , we had been zigzagging ( evasive movement , making the vessel a difficult target for torpedoes fired from submarines ) up until dark ( EHistory ) .
Clearly they had been zigzagging all day and thought that it was not necessary to zigzag anymore , because their was low visibility .
Here is some more evidence that shows that captain McVay is innocent .
Navy secretary James Forrestal lifted the sentence because of Captain McVay 's bravery in combat before the sinking .
He was promoted to rear admiral upon his retirement in 1948 .
But never really recovered from his ordeal , and he shot himself to death in 1968 ( Stout ) .
Clearly all of the blame was put on captains McVay 's hands , and it haunted him till he killed himself .
This is why it was not captain McVay 's fault , and the result of when you blame one person for something big .

Even if there was an attack they should have had enough life jackets for every sailor .
Here is some evidence that shows their were not enough life jackets .
Just as many , homever , had neither raft nor life jacket and were forced to continually tread water to survive , finding relief only when a life jacket became available through the death of a shipmate ( Kristine ) .
As you can see their were definently not enough life jacket for all of the sailors .
Here is more evidence that shows their were not enough life jackets .
For four days , the men , some of whom had life jackets , floated aimlessly and helplessly in shark infested waters .
Many died of dehydration , starvation and shark attacks ( The Washington Post ) .
If the ship had enough life jackets their would of had been less deaths .

If more people knew about the mission it would not of took them four days to find them .
Here is some evidence that proves my warrant .
By the third day in the water with little to no food or water , thirst leads many to drink sea water .
Delirium and hallucinations mak conditions even more treacherous for the survivors ( USS INDIANAPOLIS TIMELINE ) .
This tell us the effects of being left in the open sea for days .
Hear is more evidence that proves my warrant .
Many survivors died while waiting to be rescued .
Causes of death included dehydration , starvation , salt poisoning , and drowning .
Hallucinating men attacked each other or drank salt water and died ( USS Indianapolis ) .
They were left out in the sea and know one knew about it .
That is why it took them four days to find them .
If more people knew about the mission it would not of took them four days to find them .

It is not captain McVay 's fault that the ship sank .
Some people might say that it is entirely Captain McVay 's fault that the ship was spotted and destroyed .
If Captain McVay had been zigzagging the chance of his ship being hit by the torpedo would be greatly decreased .
That is wrong because , the visibility was low so it was not worth the time to zigzag .
Do you not think that you blamed him enough , he killed himself ?

