There should be stricter rules in warfare

Most wars in the past century had rules , but no matter how strict or vague , they were broken and people had to suffer .
There must be stricter punishments to countries or people who break them .
Trying to keep war is human is not easy .
War is always brutal , but this will at least reduce the number of casualties .
If we could prevent war crimes , then many more people would live through a conflict .
Specific weapons being banned for reasons like massive property damage , unhuman deaths , can seriously injure someone , uncontainable , and uncontrollable .

The land will suffer .
A good example of the land suffer in a war is agent orange during Vietnam .
The gas was used to kill plants so enemies would be easier to see .
Within days of application m plant and animal life for kilometers were completely devastated .
`` Agent Orange has had adverse effects on Vietnam 's foliage and animal life '' . Clark Kylienne .
Dioxin is a highly persistent chemical compound that lasts for many years in the environment , particularly in soil , lake and river sediments and in the food chain .

A big concern is civilians dying in the crossfire .
A good example is WW2 when a lot of civilians died in bombings , ground invasions , sea battles , and executions .
60 % of deaths in WW2 were civilians .
`` Civilian deaths totaled 50 - 55 million in WW2  '' . World War II Casualties .
Most of which were Jewish people .
In Germany alone had over 8 , 680 , 000 civilian deaths .

Certain weapons can affect crops , livestock , and water sources .
`` In terms of environmental impact World , War I was most damaging , because of landscape changes caused by trench warfare . Digging trenches caused trampling of grassland , crushing of plants and animals , and churning of soil .  Erosion resulted from forest logging to expand the network of trenches . '' Water Treatment Solutions .
Chemical weapons can incredibly be devastating , like Agent Orange .
It can get into bodies of water polluting them for a very long time .
Napalm or flamethrower can wipe out entire forests or villages , killing many people in the process , and if not that then leaving them with nothing .

