The Chain Gangs of the South

Chain gangs have a rich history of generally occurring in the south , and often , chain gangs would consist of mostly people of color , and they were not treated with respect .
The practice of chain gangs began shortly after the Civil War ended .
Chain gangs are groups of people chained together to perform a certain form of manual labor that is physically challenging .
These inmates would have to do anything from building roads to clearing land for agricultural purposes .
After years of chain gangs across America , it was finally phased out in 1955 all across the United States , with only very few states keeping it legal .
North Carolina continued to use chain gangs all the way until the mid 1970s .
Alabama rebirthed the practice of chain gangs in 1995 , being the first state to reestablish it .
This ended about one year later in all states , except Arizona .

Chain gangs are groups of prisoners chained together that perform specific labor that is physically challenging .
Most people that were put in the chain gang while being in prison were African Americans .
Because of the amount of racism in the south , many believed that chain ganging people revolved around racism , states Gangs .
Some chain gangs worked right outside their prison , and some worked farther away .
Chain gangs minimized the cost of guarding prisoners , but it did create painful ulcers and dangerous infections where the chain was placed on their bodies .
If someone fell while working , it could cause the entire group to fall , and it could impede on their work performance .
Ultimately , it only took one person to disarrange the entire job , and could get all of the gang in trouble .
Since the people in the chain gangs had committed hate crimes before , a lot of times people would not be chained to the best people , and often fights would break out .

Chain gangs had a vast majority of black people in them .
It is ultimately another name for slavery , states Chain Gangs .
When slavery was overruled when the Civil War ended , many southerners were mad that they did n't have people to work their fields .
Many people felt that African - Americans ' only purpose was to be a slave .
Around this time , the government came up with the form of punishment that is chain gangs .
Generally , the chain gangs were made completely of black men , and sometimes black women .
When a person committed a crime , they were first put in prison , and as another way of punishing them , they were chosen to be apart of the chain gang .
Not all black prisoners were chosen to be apart of the gang , but most were .

People that were in chain gangs were not treated with care or respect .
They had to deal with harsh temperatures and brutal jobs .
Often , they would work at least 10 hours a day .
While they worked , they were not fed meals , given any water , or given any breaks .
The prison guards would often threaten or physically abuse chain gang members , states The Chain Gang and The Oconee County Cage .
Members of the chain gang were aloud to change their clothing once a week , and could only dispose of their personal waste in a small bucket that they all shared .
The inmates had to sleep chained together , and always remained chained together .
If a prisoner misbehaved , one of the harsh punishments would be keeping the , in a box that was too short to stand in but not deep enough to sit in .
The prisoner would remain in the box for days , without food , while temperatures in the box exceeded 100 degrees .

Although chain gangs have a rich history of occurring in the south , they did practice chaining inmates together in the north too .
People in chain gangs were not treated like humans , and ultimately many looked down on the inmates .
Some like to think that the idea of chain gangs , is just another term for slavery .
Chain gangs were most popular throughout the early to mid 1900s .
Luckily , the vast majority of states that aloud chain gangs , do not anymore .
Even when slavery ended , people still found ways to enslave other fellow human beings .
Some people believe that they should consider themselves above other humans , and therefore they feel the need to look down on them , and torture them .
Unfortunately , every time chain gangs have been phased out , they have came back within a decade .
If chain gangs have come and gone multiple times in the past , is it possible that the practice of chain ganging inmates will occur in the U.S. again ?

