Veganism

Imagine a world where animals were n't being forced into confined spaces only to be later slaughtered .
That world would be magnificent , but veganism is not how to get there .
There are many misconceptions about veganism , granted it is still admirable that people would sacrifice themselves for animals .
If only they knew the minor to no beneficial impact of their sacrifice .
Because humankind nurtures the environment and themselves , they will use their common sense and say no to veganism like they have , thousands of years ago .
Veganism is not as healthy , economically beneficial , and environmentally friendly as it seems .

Humans require certain nutrients for a healthy and content life .
Veganism typically does not provide the proper nutrients humans need .
In ` doing being ordinary ' , participants systematically resist the notion that being a vegan is complicated , in other words , that it is both difficult to compose a meal and to protect your health , ( Normalizing Ideological Food Choice ) .
In Petra Sneijder , and Hedwig te Molder 's experiments they tested vegan diets to see if they contained the proper nutrients to maintain a healthy body .
The research concluded that although a vegan diet may be healthy for some people it is not a one size fits all kind of situation .
Because of the lack of nutrition in vegan foods , vegan diet also is difficult for everyone .
Human bodies were not created for vegan diets , our bodies rely on meat and low doses of plant food .
Plant foods , including legumes , beans , brown rice , tofu and nuts , are rich in protein , but they are incomplete protein sources , missing one or more of the essential amino acids .
A sudden increase in plant - based foods greatly increases your fiber intake .
While your body needs fiber for normal digestion , too much in a small amount of time can wreak havoc on your digestive tract , ( Anne ) .
Because the body has specific needs , it is extremely difficult for human bodies to adjust to a vegan diet .
These health concerns further explain why veganism is not as it appears .

If everyone became vegan the economy would plummet .
Research shows that vegan diets support ability is lower than meat diets .
Even partially omnivorous diets rank above veganism in terms of sustainability ; incorporating about 20 to 40 % meat in your diet is actually better for the long - term course of humanity than being completely meat - free . ..
What they found was that the carrying capacity of the vegan diet is actually less substantial than two of the vegetarian diets and two out of the four omnivorous diets they studied , ( Going Vegan Is n't the Most Sustainable Option for Humanity , ) .
As the research shows , it is more prosperous for the world to have a larger variety of foods .
Without the need to raise livestock many people around the world will lose their jobs .
Currently , farming and agriculture contributes about £ 24 billion of revenue , and £ 8.5 billion of Gross Value Added , to the UK economy , not including the food , service and hospitality industries that are also affected by the productivity of British agriculture , ( All These Jobs Would Be Lost If the UK Went Completely Vegan ) .
A massive amount of citizens would lose their jobs if veganism were to expand , which would result in the economy completely crashing .

Veganism thought it seems like it would help the world , causes chaos , and unbalances the economy .

Considering that many vegans decide to go on a vegan diet to help animals , it is shocking the lack of research they conduct .
Vegans and vegetarians are not saving animals , they may actually be killing them .
Mike Archer , a Professor , published an article called The Conversation which showed animal deaths , caused by grain production .
Later he goes on to say that vegetarians needed to take responsibility for the deaths and that shifting to a diet heavier in range - fed beef and kangaroo would be the ethical and responsible for vegetarians and vegans to do .
Vegans are killing more animals clearing space for crops , and taking away crops for animals , than red meat farming is doing in the first place .
Sam Cottle expressed strong evidence proving why the vegan environmentalists dream of converting all the land currently occupied by animal agriculture is counter productive .
Cottle states if this were to be attempted people would find themselves in a position in where they have an abundance of waste products , of which some could be burned .
Granted , it would come at a high carbon impact , which would be burned inefficiently with higher emissions impact in terms of methane .
Or they could let it decompose , which would produce still greater emissions of methane .
It is hypocritical that vegans get frustrated with meat eaters because of the large amount of methane cows give off .
Because without animal farming , there would be high levels of methane from burning waste , that animals normally animals could take care of .
This evidence proves veganism is misleading , because it is supposedly beneficial for the environment .

Veganism is not as healthy , economically sound , and environmentally beneficial as it seems .
On the other hand vegans believe that they are saving the environment by saving animals .
More than 25 billion animals are killed by the meat industry each year ( Happycow .
net ) .
But taking forest land and agricultural land , they are forcing well fed and groomed animals to live on their own .
Then by forcing animal farmers to stop farming animals millions if not more people will lose their jobs .
Not

to mention that a vegan diet is very hard to stay healthy with and some people are physically incapable of surviving on a vegan diet .
If veganism is half as horrible as these admired scientists and professors claim , why is veganism booming ?
If veganism is as superb as it is made out to be why has it not been explored until recently ?

