Imagine walking through the desert with 80 pounds of equipment that you have to carry for your mission .
When you think of a modern day marine what image comes to mind a man with a job or some gear .
Drill sergeants say that marines are nothing without there gear and their gear is nothing without them , the gear or loadout is what makes a marine a marine .
If that gear if useless then our marines are useless .
The current gear that our marines are expensive and unreliable .

They need to change the loadouts for the battlefield and a for our home .

The current firearm that marines use known as the M4 carbine is outdated and problematic , It has been in use since the late 1980s to the present day .
Joel Baglole states when the m4 carbine is fired is releases a gas down range and immediately after that , another round is fired causing a small explosive causing the firearm to overheat easily .
When the firearm overheats it causing the firearm to be cleaned which is a timely task When a firearm overheats the weapon can fire more accurately and it can also ruin the barrel and the muzzle .
Compared to its cousin the M27 the m4 is fairly inaccurate , says Jeff Schogol .
The talks about how ` defense industry daily ' even with ammunition changes the m4 is inaccurate to the average marine .

How they can change the load - out for at home and on the battlefield .
They usually think about how expensive gas prices are buttheynever look at how much the government spends on our Marine Corps for there gear .
The M4 carbine costs about $ 700 for a marine .
Multiply that by the number of marines in our forces they have purchased $ 1,540,000 worth of m4s .
Freedom Munitions says that every marine carries around $ 80 worth of ammunition with them .
With all of the marines that would cost $ 17,600,000 on the battlefield says NBC News .
Not including all of the ammo at the base and in the trucks with them .
With our yearly intake of marines , this number may increase by three times .

A normal Marines loadout weight is around 130 pounds of gear .
how he could improve the weight of the US marine loadout .
the average marine carries 33 pounds of 5.56 ammunition .
Marines have to survive the conditions whether the conditions are in the desert or the jungles of Vietnam every Marine have fought in this year .
they could use 5.45 x39 mm and they weight 25 grams less , states F Nathaniel .
Also , a regular armor plate weighs 8 pounds on one side a normal armor plate carrier holds two , says Ptx Nomad .
they could reduce that weight by using lightweight carbon fiber pads that are almost as durable as the pads they use now but much lighter .

When the government puts in perspective how our load outperforms in the field and how it could perform and how much cheaper they could make them the government should want to change it .
The unreliability of the M4 compared to other firearms shows that it should be changed .
The M4 and the Marine loadout has been with us for many wars and helped us win them .
But this does n't mean that the government ca n't improve it to help us at home and on the battlefield .

