

Social media can be , and is helpful .
In the research I have done it is obvious that the benefits overcome any down - sides with the ability to talk to friends close and far , and being able to develop social skills .
Sure we get distracted sometimes and use it outside of moderation but as humans we are a social species and need the interaction .
Think about it this way , your homeschooled and live in a rural area ( meaning your friends live far away ) you have no connection with your friends .
This excludes anybody other than family except through your phone from your life .
Social media is only one of many ways to overcome this .

Sure that 's not the case with most of us and we go to a public school with many people .
However what about your friends that moved away and you do n't see anymore .
What do you do then , do you let them go as if they had never existed ?
I do n't think so , so in this way phones ( including social media ) can only be good by allowing you to talk to friends near and far .

Then some of you may make the argument that you will come in contact with people that are mean and will make you feel bad .
That is why there are functions built into the social media program and into your phone that allow you to block these people so that you do n't come into contact with them .
These are things that the developers have already seen and counteracted allowing you to continue your use of social media in peace .

You may not know it but talking with people online , ( even by texting ) can develop social skills that you would n't otherwise be able to discover and use .
Developing skills such as being able to talk to new people is really important in the real world , so if there is a way to establish this skill you must jump on the opportunity to progress it so that you can use it the real world .
So , you may be thinking so what i 'll develop social skills but it is actually really important .
For example let 's say your in an interview , without these social skills then you will be really really awkward .
However with the social skills you will be able to be less awkward and more comfortable in strange or uncommon situations , especially according to The Impact of Social Media Use on Social Skills by : New York Behavioral Health .

So as you can see , the only issues that can be caused by social media are caused by other users which can easily be blocked or avoided which is well overcome by the up sides .
The simple fact is that the only downsides are caused by other users or the way that the media is used .
This along with being able to talk with far away friends , and the possibility develop social skills means that social media really helps .
In conclusion the only way that there can be a downside is easily countered and even if it could n't be it would still be worth it for the upsides .
Therefore social media is helpful to teenagers .