The Advancement of Technology and the Rise of Depression

In 2018 alone , the number of people reportedly cyberbullied was 26 percent which is equivalent to 84,682,000 people .
The advancement of technology may have lead to people being more connected which has made people more social but in turn , it has made it easier for bullies to find victims and prey on them and not just be limited to at school .
The better the technology the more people do n't want to go out with friends leading them to feel alone and fall into a state of sadness .
This is show indirectly in Fahrenheit 451 .
The increased advancements in technology have lead to a rise in depression through cyberbullying , separation , and finances .

The advancement of technology has lead to an increase in depression through cyberbullying .
¨ On October 3 , 2012 , 15-year - old Amanda Todd committed suicide in British Columbia .
Prior to her death , Amanda posted a video on YouTube to tell her story of taking a nude image of herself via a webcam , and the subsequent blackmail , stalking , and harassment that followed by tormentors in cyberspace and in the schoolyard .
In Amanda 's case , she was deeply affected by both the aggressive cyberbullying and bullying conducted at the hands of her peers , and the deliberate sexual extortion , or sextortion , by unknown online predators .
¨ ( Angove 308 )
The advancement of technology has lead to an increase in hardware able to hack into electronics easier .
In seeing what was being done to her , it threw her into a depressed state where she did n't feel like living and made her take her own life .
This is not the only way advanced technology leads to depression .

Some people argue that the advancements in technology actually do the opposite of what this essay is about .
They believe that technology brings us together rather than separate us .
But this is not true .
This is blatantly shown in the book Fahrenheit 451 .
Montag tries to talk to his wife Mildred , about her attempted suicide the night before , Oh honey , let 's not talk about such things and instead focus on being happy .
Mildred returned to the telescreen much to Montag 's dismay ( Bradbury 366 ) .
This happens many times throughout the book and each time it happens it puts an emotional toll on not just Montag , but Montag and Mildred 's relationship pushing them farther away from each other and is one of the factors that ultimately breaks Montag and makes him leave .
This emotional toll causes him to live in a constant state of fear that his wife will try to kill herself again .
This leaves a depressed mood on Montag affecting his daily life .
This is not the only way that advancements in technology have lead to an increase in depression .

The advancements in technology have lead to an increase in depression through finances as well .
¨ Burkina Faso is still one of the poorest countries in the world , with a Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) per capita of 384 US $ PPP ( IMF , 2005 ) and a Human Development Index ( HDI ) rank of 174 out of 177 countries ( UNDP , 2005 ) .
However , according to National Accounts ( NA ) data , Burkina Faso has experienced relatively strong economic growth over the last decade .
After the devaluation of the Franc de la Communaute Financiere d'Afrique ( CFA - Franc ) in January 1994 , real GDP per capita began to rise , with an average of 2 percent growth per year .
¨ This shows that with the increased economy , people are making and spending more money , causing them to immediately go back to being poor .
It 's a constant pattern of two steps forward and one step back .
We all know that being poor or in debt affects the mind in many ways .
Debt can cause someone to fall into a pit of sadness and poverty they are unable to get out of .

After looking at how advancements in technology lead to a rise in depression in ways such as finances , cyberbullying , and separation it is blatantly obvious how the ever - advancing field will lead to the ever - advancing rise of depression .
As the world keeps growing we must not just advance most technology but all technology so everybody can keep themselves safe in more ways than one .

