

So DNA modification it sounds cool right .
But it is dangerous .
DNA modification is harmful .
Most people believe that DNA modification started in China .
But DNA modification did not start in China .
DNA modification did not start in China DNA modification started in America .
Should DNA modification be legal ?
DNA modification should be illegal , and here is why .

DNA modification is dangerous .
If a person messes up a DNA strand , it could kill a child .
It could also kill an unborn child .
Would you want somebody to genetically modify your child ?
Sure DNA modification can do what most anti biotics can not but with a higher risk of death .
Is the greater risk of death worth it ?
That is why DNA modification is not yet used in the USA .
DNA modification is too dangerous .
Scientist only use DNA modification for experiments .

DNA modifcation acts like miRNA if it is ordered to cut one DNA strand , it would not cut the one it needed to cut .
This could cause unwanted mutations .
And diseases that we do not know of .
For genetic modification it will only affect the person it is modifing .
If people wanted to modifiy an unborn child then they would have to work on the egg itself .
So if you wanted the change to affect the child .
Then you would have to spend more money .
And DNA modification is something that we do not know much about .
Scientist are learning more about DNA modification so that they could make it safe .

Emmons 2

So if you were a mother or father and your kid has diabetes that is genetic .
If you had a chance to get rid of the diabeties but the child might get killed in the prosses would you take that chance .
Doctors do not use DNA modification .
This is because DNA modification is unpredictable and life threatining .
Did you know that with DNA modification can make clones of oneself ?
Making clones is not banned but if you try to you might get detained .
So if you make a clone you would most likely have to go to court if found by police .

I mean sure in this case if they use DNA modification to make clones they could save peoples lives from deadly injuries .
And life expectency would rise dramaticaly .
We could also use DNA modification to heal deep wounds by making the human healing rate faster .
That way in addition soldiers get shot in a war they could heal quicker and rejoin the battle .
For example , if people use DNA modification afterward we could make soldiers stronger and people immune to more sicknesses .
And people would not have to suffer as much , or will they .
Sure you can edit DNA and most likely get rid of some allergies and or sicknesses that are in genetics although only when young or in the womb .

Accordingly learned that DNA modification can be unpredictable .
Unknown things could happen apart from trying to cut a DNA strand .
They could break a DNA strand that did not need to be broken or stop a DNA strand from being cut that needed to be cut and this could cause unwanted mutations .
These are only a couple of reasons that DNA modification should be illegal .
Would you want you child to be modified ?

Emmons 3

