School Dress Codes Must Be Banned

57 percent of american schools have a strict dress code ( How ) .
School dress code is a terrible concept causing lower self esteem in students , it sexualizes girls bodies and gives the students the wrong idea . It totally objectifies girls bodies . It also does n't allow self expression . Therefore school dress codes must be banned .

Dress codes can harm student 's self esteem .
It is a known fact that school dress codes can lower self esteem in students , especially girls ( TodayShow ) .
They feel as though their bodies are for people to look at and that they should be covering themselves .
When a girl is called out for dressing too provocatively , they feel like they are causing a negative impact on the class , and feel like it 's their fault ( Low ) . Girls are being shamed for their bodies as if they 're ruining another student 's education .
All of this can easily harm a girl 's self esteem .

Imagine how much more confident these students would be without a dress code . Dress codes give the students the wrong idea .
They make students think that girls need to be covered . Eagleeyed News says , Weather shoulders are distracting or not depends on the person , and if boys get distracted by our shoulders , they should control themselves .
Instead of body shaming girls and sexualizing shoulders , they should teach boys the correct behavior .

The whole idea of dress codes is also offensive to boys . It 's implying that boys ca n't control themselves or focus on their work when a girl is showing her shoulders .
Also , instead of teaching the boys to respect girls bodies , they 're teaching them that if a girl is showing skin , she wants attention ( When ) . The dress code does n't teach anything logical at all , only that girls who wear certain clothes are seeking attention from the boys , and that it is acceptable for boys to slut shame girls .

Dress codes are prohibiting freedom of expression in students . Some people might feel good in certain clothes , such as a shirt that may show their midriff , or shorts that are shorter than their fingertips , but the dress code forces them to wear something that is n't their style .
And a lot of schools also promote being yourself and expressing yourself , but they are stopping some students from doing so .
Some schools take it so far that Muslim girls ca n't wear their hijabs ( Jones ) . That 's not even just freedom of expression , that 's prohibiting freedom of religion too .

In hot climates , girls still are n't able to wear tank tops , or short - shorts and have to sit in hot classrooms all day ,
probably watching boys live comfortably in their tank tops . Girls ca n't wear clothes that they feel good in , mentally and physically , and that makes school a less free place to be in .

Dress codes need to be banned for those previous reasons . Dress codes are doing the opposite of their purpose. They make girls bodies even more sexualized , and it even lowers the girls self esteem and makes them feel as though they ca n't express themselves .

People do say that it is better to have a dress code because without it kids might dress inapropriatly .
That could be true , but it 's not because society made them think that shoulders are inappropriate. They are n't , but dress codes are making them seem like they are .

Dress code is all based on what society thinks , but society is harsh on girls , and getting rid of the dress codes would give a lot of girls feel more freedom . What kid wants to goto a place where they 're told to be themselves , and be told that they ca n't wear the clothes that they like ?

