Physical Education Class Should be held Every Day

Children and adolescents should do 60 minutes or more of physical activity each day .
Sadly , less than one - quarter ( 24 % ) of children 6 to 17 years of age participate in 60 minutes of physical activity every day ( How Much Physical Activity Is Needed ? )
.
This means that 76 % of kids are not exercising or playing enough each day .
Due to this kids are suffering from obesity and many other health conditions that could easily be prevented by just being active .
Physical Education class helps get kids active and it has many other helpful benefits .
Unfortunately , lots of schools do not have physical education classes every day and it is often one of the first classes to go when money is low .
Physical education is just as important as any other class .
Schools should have a gym class every day because the class teaches valuable life lessons not found in other classes , it improves mental and physical strength , and it also improves academic performance .

Physical Education ( PE ) class teaches students important life lessons not found in other classes .
In gym class , students learn skills such as teamwork , leadership , and integrity through games and lessons .
The skills taught in physical education improve students ' performance , sharpen their knowledge of strategy and tactics , and help them to transfer knowledge from one context to another , including sport and recreational and outdoor activities ( Why Study Physical Education ? )
.
These life lessons are not typically found in other classes .
P.E. enables the development of leadership and teamwork skills and encourages students to transfer knowledge to other learning areas ( Why Study Physical Education ? )
.
These are valuable skills to be learned at such a young age .
Gym class teaches students these lessons and the effects of having these lessons taught to students every day would be humongous .

Physical Education also improves physical and mental strength .
By working out every day or just simply being active people are getting stronger .
Regular physical activity can help children and adolescents improve cardiorespiratory fitness , build strong bones and muscles , control weight , reduce symptoms of anxiety and depression , and reduce the risk of developing health conditions such as Heart disease , cancer , Type 2 diabetes , High blood pressure , Osteoporosis , and Obesity ( CDC ) .
Imagine the impact of not having these health conditions in our society and world .
Also , The Center for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) determined that physical activity has a positive impact on academic performance .
Exercising in class everyday helps students get stronger and physically and mentally .

Physical education also improves academic performance and the ability to contemplate things better and be more creative .
Being active , even for a short time can help student 's brains make more connections and to ponder differently .
A high school in Illinois tested this theory by extending gym periods and making exercise requirements more strenuous .
By the end of the year , not only were a mere 3 percent of students overweight but also some students scored first in an international science competition ( Benefits of Physical Education ) .
All of this happened by simply having more rigorous Physical education classes .
Teachers may argue that more time spent in class will improve academic performance , but studies indicate that regular exercise actually heightens brain function ( Benefits of Physical Education ) .
If every school had their students exercising every day in gym class their academic scores would soar .
Physical education class improves students academic performance considerably .

Students and schools should have physical education classes every day because it teaches important lessons , it strengthens their mind and body , and it makes students smarter .
Gym class is just as important as any other class .
On the other hand though gym class can be hard and embarrassing for students when forced to work out .
Also , many people argue that gym class is not effective at teaching children important things .
Although that is true , students should learn to push through hard things and the facts show that Physical education class teaches lifelong lessons .
By having gym class every day we are improving the health of students and generations to come .
This will make students smarter , stronger , and less prone to have health conditions .
Imagine the difference that requiring students to have physical education class every day would have in our world !

