Theater history research paper

Noh theater is a type of theater that dates back to the 14th century in japan .
Noh theater is structured around song and dance .
Movement is slow , language is poetic , tone is monotonous .
The costumes are also rich and heavy .
Plots are usually drawn from legend , Noh contemporary events .
Themes often relate to dreams , supernatural worlds , ghosts and spirits .
It is a form of theater involving music , dance and drama .
It was developed together with kyogen , which are comical pieces performed during interludes of the main noh performance .
The dual art of noh and kyogen is known as nogaku .
Noh , as it is known today , was popularized and formalized by a man named Zeami during the Muromachi Period from 1333 to 1573 .
Zeami 's work attracted the government 's patronage of the art form .
Unfortunately , Zeami later fell out of favor with the government and was banished to Sado Island .
Four main Noh troupes were subsequently established .
During the Tokugawa Period from 1603 to 1867 , the shogunate made Noh its official ceremonial art and issued regulations for its governance .
A fifth troupe was added during this time , making five main noh troupes which survive and perform to this day .
Noh is performed on a square stage with a roof that is supported at its four corners by pillars .
All of the side of the stage are open except for the back of the stage .
In the Noh theater All performers are male .
There are many performers of which include the shite , who is the leading character .
Depending on the play , the shite may act as a holy old man , a deity , a demon , a spirit or a living man .
His movements express various moods .
There is the Waki , who is the supporting actor .
The waki plays roles such as a priest , monk or samurai .
In contrast to the shite , the waki always portrays living people .
There is the Hayashi , who are the musicians .
Four musicians provide accompaniment for the performance with a flute ( fue ) , shoulder drum ( kotsuzumi ) , hip drum ( otsuzumi ) and stick drum ( taiko ) .
Then there is the Jiutai which are the chorus people .
The chorus sits to the left of the stage and assists the shite in the narration of the story .
Then finally there is the Koken , who are the stage attendants .
Dressed in black , the stage attendants are not part of the play but assist the performers in various ways , such as handing them props .