Why Sugar Gliders Make Good Pets

When a Sugar Glider is in your life , there is always a reason to laugh , ( Sugar Glider Academy ) .
Sugar gliders accomplish being satisfying apple of the eye pets .
They value spending time with their human and munching on crispy sweet foods like fruit .
Sugar gliders are playful , enjoy human interaction , and have a lifespan of twelve to fourteen years .
Although sugar gliders are tiny and look rodent like , they are not rodents .
They are a Marsupial .
Their quality of being sweet , their lifespan , and many others make these animals good pets .

Sugar Gliders are amazing social pets .
They crave attention and can die if ignored for weeks on end , according to The Spruce Pets .
Sugar gliders are very cuddly , and enjoy riding around in pockets .
Although sugar gliders are not aggressive , they will attack if felt threatened .
Sugar gliders will not just bond with the one taking care of them but will also bond with their whole entire human family .
These tiny little animals can be endearing , playful , and entertaining .
If you love a little pal then a sugar glider would make a good pet for you .

Sugar gliders lifespan may be long and their size is small .
If you suffer from loss of pets then a sugar glider is the perfect long living companion for you .
A healthy and happy sugar glider can live around twelve to fourteen years .
They make good long term snuggly pets .
Sugar gliders also do not take up much room .
Their body can be around five to six inches long and their tail only adds another six .
Theses animals are also very light and weigh around five and a half ounces , according to The Spruce Pets .
If you enjoy tiny long living pets , sugar gliders work perfectly .

Sugar gliders have sharp teeth and sharp nails .
They bite a strong and painful bite .
Some owners have to wear gloves to handle their vicious glider .
This may be true but it is because the glider was not fully bonded .
A sugar glider will only bite if felt threatened or in danger .
But would you also attack too if you felt in danger .
Sugar gliders do make good pets if bonded with and treated correctly .

Sugar gliders are not rodents !
They are tree dwelling marsupial , according to Exotic Nutrition , Pet Supply Company .
Sugar gliders come from the same family as kangaroos and koalas because they have pouches that they carry their baby around in .
Just like kangaroos , a baby sugar glider is called a Joey , ( Pocket Pets ) .
Sugar gliders are born in pouches .
Although these animals are quick and love to climb , it does not mean they are rodents .
Unlike rodents , sugar gliders do not hide under tables .
If one of your family members are afraid of rodents but enjoy tiny animals , a sugar glider is perfect for you .

Over all these non - rodent tiny faced animals make good pets .
And Pocket Pets claim , that if a sugar glider is fully bonded with the owner , they can go just about anywhere with them .
Both male and female sugar gliders are known to be sweet also .
Overall the conclusion is that sugar gliders do make good pets .

